	Citation:       In the matter of an application by Mpglasses for an injunction against FatherLando_n
                	2022 BCPC 64
	Date:		20220131
	File Number:	33005-1
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				IN THE PROVINCIAL COURT OF BRITISH COLUMBIA
</b></i>

---

Between:
<p align="center">  <b> MPGLASSES	  </b>
<p align="right">		    Applicant
<p> And
<p align="center">  <b>	FATHERLANDO_N 		</b> 
<p align="right">		    Respondent
  
  ---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT <br> OF THE <br> HONOURABLE JUDGE KOALAMEDVEDEVA
</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Applicant: ***Pro se***
<br>				Counsel for the Respondent: ***Pro se***
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **January 30, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **January 31, 2022**

---

**BACKGROUND & CONDUCT IN QUESTION**
  
On January 29, 2022, Dylatk1, was dismissed from his position Overseer of Operations for Translink by respondent, FatherLando_n. On January 30, 2022, respondent is alleged to have "appointed" Dylatk1 to his position. I am quoting the applicant's characterization of respondent's act of placing Dylatk1 in his position Overseer of Operations for Translink--a characterization that would prove to be the main issue in this case--which is that respondent allegedly *appointed*, not *reinstated* Dylatk1 to his position. Applicant and Premier, Mpglasses, feels the alleged appointment is an overstep of respondent and Lieutenant Governor, FatherLando_n's powers under art. 11, s. 6 of the *Constitution Act of 1867*.
  
Respondent justifies his act as it was, as he characterizes it, a reinstatement or reversal of an action, arguing that one is entitled to reverse an action he lawfully took. 
    
**ANALYSIS**
  
First, standing is established as applicant and Premier alleges that, due to alleged conduct of respondent, he respondent intruded onto powers reserved for the Premier. 
	
It is established that respondent was entitled to "disciplining and relieving the duties" of Dylatk1 (*In the matter of an application by Dylatk1 for an injunction against FatherLando_n, 2022 BCPC 53*). It was also noted that the "power to appoint an Overseer of Operations...[is] reserved to the Premier under art. 11, s. 6 of the *Constitution Act of 1867*" (*ibid*). Applicant argues that respondent imposed conditions for his actions, making it an appointment and not a reversal. I disagree. One could very well have reason to reverse an action following a show or remorse. I do not consider this a quid pro quo. The government's ability to reconsider and reverse an exercise of government power is in itself an exercise of government power, but neither party disputes this ability. Indeed, the issues in this application summarizes into whether the respondent had made an appointment or a reinstatement or reversal of a previous action. 
	
Instead of establishing explicit time limits or requirements for an exercise of government power to be considered as a reversal of a previous exercise, I believe the correct assessment is in light of the totality of the circumstances. Using this standard, I find support to a great extent that respondent and Lieutenant Governor had acted intra vires and that his conduct was a reversal of a previous action, not the conduct of a new action, for the reasons that follow.
		
Respondent's conduct can reasonably be seen as a reinstatement since the position to which Dylatk1 was reinstated was the exact same as the one he was dismissed from; and a reasonable amount of time needed for reconsideration had passed between dismissal and reinstatement: around a day. 
	  
**ORDER**
  
I will deny the application for a prohibitory injunction.
  
---
koalaMedvedeva <br> Provincial Court Judge
