	Citation:       R. v. DomZilla130
                	2022 MCR 258
	Date:		20220904
	File Number:	22047-2
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER
</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN				</b>
<p align="right">		CROWN
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		DOMZILLA130			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE ZLI_C

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Crown: **Jackfruitism**
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: **MelonFearless**
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Dates of Hearing: **August 29th to September 2nd, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **September 4th, 2022**

---

**INTRODUCTION**

Defendant, DomZilla130, was charged with Second Degree murder, and illegal discharge of a firearm. Defendant pleaded not guilty to all counts.
  
**ANALYSIS**

In the opening statement, the defendants counsel said that the defendant was utilizing deadly force against an Individual who was allegedly armed at the time.

Witness testimony from Mr. Yu_xp is not credible as he cannot confirm nor deny if the suspect was armed or not during the time of the incident. Witness testimony from Mr. nikozoomalt claims that the act the defendant showed was a violation of the Use of Force Model. Any trained Law Enforcement Officer would be made aware of the Use of Force Model as it's something they have to use everytime whilst on duty. Deadly Use of Force can only be used in a situation where the other Individual is posting an immediate deadly threat himself or others surrounding.
	
Title 1, Sub Title 1.02 in the Vancouver Criminal Code states that "Second degree murder shall be the act of intentionally causing the death of a person, or committing an aact meant to cause bodily harm that the offender knows is likely to cause the complainants death". 
Title 6, Sub Title 6.04 in the Vancouver Criminal Code states that "Illegal discharge of a firearm shall be the act of intentionally discharging a firearm without legal means to do so.
	
Upon analyzing Exhibit A submitted by the prosecution, it shows the alleged suspects driving their vehicle at high rates of speed and intentionally being reckless on the road. The passenger tells the driver to pull over, so they do. The passenger then exits the vehicle with no firearm showing on their person, in their hand, or in the vehicle. The the defendant then exits his vehicle and allegedly shoots the passenger several times with intent to cause death to him/her. During this time, the suspect does not pull out a weapon, and seconds later was killed.	

Upon analyzing Exhibit A submitted by the defense, it shows the defendant driving his police issued vehicle with lights (no sirens), when a panic button is pressed seconds later. The Individual that pressed the panic button later transmitted that there was alledegly multiple armed offenders in the area of the prison. The description of the vehicle was alledegly a grey dodge charger. The defendant responds to the panic button activation call and later spots the alledged suspects driving erratically across the road towards Lions Gate Bridge. When the officer got closer to the suspect, you can spot one of the three suspects pull out a shotgun, but you cannot tell whom its from. The suspects pull over second laters after seeing the officer behind them. You can see the passenger exit the vehicle, then the defendant exits his vehicle, draws his firearm and seconds later opens fire at the suspect. The suspect had no firearm visible before or after being shot at. Therefore, it did not warrant the instant use of deadly force. One of the three suspects, Yu_xp later ran at the officer and proceeded to shoot the officer with a shotgun, which was seen earlier on in Exhibit A submitted by the defense. That begs the question on if the person who was killed was armed or not. Since the suspect was not confirmed seen with a firearm before or during being shot at, there was no right for lethal force to be utilized against that person.
	
**SENTENCING**

Having found the defendant guilty on one count of second degree murder, and one count of illegal discharge of a firearm, I am now tasked with determining an appropriate sentence.
	
On the count of Second Degree Murder, I will sentence the defendant to 800 seconds in the Correctional Service.<br>
On the count of Illegal Discharge of a Firearm, I will sentence the defendant to 300 seconds in the Correctional Service.

---

zli_c
<br>	
Municipal Court Judge
