	Citation:       DomSequence, et al. v. XxEldridPlayzxX, et al., 
                	2022 MCR 67
	Date:		20220226
	File Number:	12010-3
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				VANCOUVER MUNICIPAL COURT
</b></i>

---

Between:
<p align="center"><b>		DOMSEQUENCE, STRONGLIKEBULL34, EQUA106			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONERS
<p>				And:
<p align="center"><b>		XXELDRIDPLAYZXX			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT
  <p>				And:
<p align="center"><b>		BRITISH COLUMBIA SHERIFF SERVICE			</b>
<p align="right">		CO-DEFENDANT

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE KOALAMEDVEDEVA

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Petitioner: ***Pro se***
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: **Mpglasses**
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **February 20-22, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **February 26, 2022**

---

**INTRODUCTION**

Petitioners, DomSequence, StrongLikeBull34, and Equa106, allege that defendant, XxEldridPlayzxX of the British Columbia Sheriff Service, in official capacity, failed to provide petitioners with a disciplinary action document. Specifically, petitioners were all subject to an internal reassignment--or division transfer--within the British Columbia Sheriff Service and thereafter requested for a disciplinary action document. Defendant concedes to these allegations and thus, I will order summary disposition on this matter.

**LEGAL ARGUMENTS**

Defendant had argued that the action taken, which they categorized as a division transfer--out of the Strategic Operations Unit and into the Patrol Services--did not constitute as “disciplinary action” within the meaning of the *Employee Rights Act of 2022*. This is an extremely important issue because art 3., s. 5 of the Act makes it explicit as to when a “disciplinary action document” must be provided: when “an employee is given a recorded warning, suspension, demotion, or termination.” Art. 7, s. 6 of the Act further prescribes essentially that a contravention of art 3., s. 5 would mean an employee is entitled to have his disciplinary action stayed. This, of course, is the grounds on which petitioners bring this suit. 

While the Act defines “disciplinary action” as “action taken by the employer which is used against the employee as a result of misconduct, failure to follow department policies, off duty crime, or other punishable offenses,” it clarifies that “disciplinary action shall only be when an employee has received a verbal warning, written warning, suspension, demotion, or termination.” There is no doubt to me that division transfers or other internal reassignments do not constitute “disciplinary action” within the meaning of the Act. Petitioners’ rebuttal was that they were demoted by MariReturnn, a non-party, after being reassignment and as a consequence of the reassignment. Clearly, an analysis of the remoteness of damages and causation would be necessary. 

**ANALYSIS OF CAUSATION**

For various reasons including lack of statutory guidance, the but-for test is most appropriate to determine whether there is a causal link between defendant’s actions and petitioners’ injuries, in spite of an intervening event. To better understand what is generally considered the standard of review in actions for negligence common law torts and how it can apply to this case, I will provide a brief overview of the judgement in *Kauffman v. Toronto Transit Commission*, [1960] S.C.R. 251. Eva Kauffman was petitioner-appellant who sought damages from the Toronto Transit Commission on an action of negligence. Kauffman claimed she had been knocked over on an escalator due to a domino effect triggered by youths sparring. Kauffman blamed “radical departure from hand-rail design” as cause and therefore ground for actionable negligence. Ratio: the trial judge ruled that there is no evidence the handrail would have prevented the fall. In other words, it fails the but-for test because there is no causal relationship between the transit commission’s handrail design and Kauffman’s injuries; it was not but for the handrail design that Kauffman suffered injuries. On appeal: appeal dismissed.

In the present matter, defendant merely transferred petitioners from one division, unit, or department to another with no evidence that points to defendant directly causing petitioners’ injuries. Yet but for defendant’s actions, there would have been no intervenor to then issue petitioners a demotion. Demotion being a named action that constitutes “disciplinary action,” I must therefore conclude that petitioners received some form of disciplinary action as a consequence of defendant’s conduct and were thus entitled to a disciplinary action document--of course for the demotion only since that was the only form of disciplinary action petitioners received. As defendants conceded, no disciplinary action document was sent.

**JUDGEMENT AND ORDERS**

With respect to torts 1 through 3, they shall be consolidated under right to challenge disciplinary action.

With respect to the consolidated torts, having determined that a causal relationship exists between defendant’s conduct and petitioners’ injuries, I find the defendant, XxEldridPlayzxX, liable.

With respect to the consolidated torts, having determined that defendant is liable to petitioners receiving demotions unlwafully, said demotion, as a form of disciplinary action, is stayed effective immediately; and I shall order that internal records with respect to petitioners' demotions be sealed.

With respect to the consolidated torts, having determined that division transfers and reassignments are not considered disciplinary action, petitioners’ requested relief for reinstatement to the Strategic Operations Unit is denied.

The issue of who should have sent petitioners a disciplinary action document is not before this court. As such, I will make no determination as to the issue.

---

koalaMedvedeva <br>	
Municipal Court Judge
