	Citation:       sir_conn v. BCAA
                	2022 MCR 94
	Date:		20220312
	File Number:	18021
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER
</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		SIR_CONN			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		BCAA			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE MALLYVIBES

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Petitioner: **Mpglasses**
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: **Ryanepicgajer**
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **February 20th, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **March 12th, 2022**

---

**BACKGROUND ON PROCEEDINGS**

This matter will be disposed of by default judgement following defendant's failure to submit a reply to the Court. 

**ALLEGATIONS**

Petitioner, sir_conn, alleged that the disciplinary action taken upon him did not comply with the Revised Employee Rights Act of 2021. Due to the nature of default judgement, these allegations shall be assumed to be true.

**JUDGEMENT AND REASONING**
	
Petitioner, sir_conn claimed relief injunction to prevent disciplinary action of the same incident, removal of the disciplinary action taken upon sir_conn, monetary judgement of $250,000. 
	
Without hearing the arguments from either party on those allegations, it is hard for the Court to determine the appropriate relief to grant to the petitioner. However, according to the Notice of Claim, the Court shall recognize that the petitioner's rights granted to him as an employee pursuant to the Employee Rights Act were violated. 
	
**COURT ORDER**
	
I will grant default judgement to the petitioner due to defendant's noncompliance with Rule 1.7.

Defendant, louis30061 and co-defendants, British Columbia Automobile Association, is ordered to revoke the strike given to the petitionr, sir_conn and void any and all permenant or temporary records relating to the conduct of and disciplinary action issued to petitioner, sir_conn on February 7th.
	
Defendant, louis30061 and co-defendants, British Columbia Automobile Association, is barred from issuing any disciplinary action relating to the same incident and any alleged conduct on or prior to  March 19th, 2022. 
	
Defendant, louis30061 and co-defendants, British Columbia Automobile Association, is ordered to pay petitioner, sir_conn $100,000 CAD. When the defendant, louis30061 is completing the payment of money to the petitioner, sir_conn, he must record their whole screen, which includes the time and date, and the amount of money being transferred to the petitioner’s account. The said amount of money must be transferred to the petitioner’s account before March 14th, 2022. 
	
Any person who is able to carry out any orders set out in this judgement may carry out such orders on behalf of the defendant and co-defendants without penalty. The orders contained within this judgement take effect immediately and must additionally be fulfilled by March 15th. If the order is not carried out before March 15th, the defendant shall be found in Contempt of this Court and an order for their imprisonment shall be entered.
	
---

It is so ordered,
	
*mallyvibes*	

Municipal Court Judge
