	Citation:       shviapillips v. Vancouver Police Department, et al.
                	2022 BCPC 5
	Date:		20220130
	File Number:	11002-3
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				IN THE PROVINCIAL COURT OF BRITISH COLUMBIA
</b></i>

---

Between:
<p align="center">  <b> SHVIAPILLIPS	  </b>
<p align="right">		    Petitioner
<p> And
<p align="center">  <b>	VANCOUVER POLICE DEPARTMENT, a government agency <br> LEPA1234567 		</b> 
<p align="right">		    Defendants
<p> And
<p align="center">		
                   <b>  
                   <br> EMERGENCY RESPONSE TEAM, a subsidiary of a government agency		  </b>
<p align="right">		    Co-defendant

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE KOALAMEDVEDEVA

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Petitioner: ***Pro se***
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: **Ryanepicgajer**
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **January 29, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **January 30, 2022**

---

**FACTUAL BACKGROUND**

Petitioner was terminated from the Emergency Response Team on or about December 2 and 3, 2022. Petitioner claims the disciplinary action he received was not proportional to the disciplinary conduct received by others for similar conduct contrary to art. 11, s. 2(c)(2) of the *[REVISED] Employee Rights Act of 2021*. Defendants and co-defendant justifies their actions citing a "zero tolerence policy," which is described as a period of time that may be commenced by any person at or above the rank of major during which "any claims of misconduct will be dealt with more rigorously" on document a not available to most employees of the Emergency Response Team, including the petitioner.
  
*For the purposes of my judgement, other facts not relevant have been excluded.*
  
**JUDGEMENT AND REASONS**

While petitioner claims the termination was unlawful to begin with and while the court recognizes his claims, the court will always seek to resolve issues in the simplest and most direct manner possible. I find no genuine dispute of the facts necessary for judgement to be awarded to the petitioner and will enter summary disposition on this action.
  
Defendants rely on their "zero tolerence policy" to justify a harsher than usual, and indeed a disproportionate disciplinary action, against petitioner. I will first analyze whether a "zero tolerence policy" is permissable under employees' rights enactments. I can find no legal basis for rejecting the nature of a policy that scrutinizes all employees more rigorously, which is further justified by the fact that it is a policy in force only under the condition of increased misconduct. I actually find such flexible policies an appropriate and indeed clever disciplinary procedure. Indeed, the concept of a "zero tolerence policy," properly implemented and given notice of, is not objectionable under the law. Yet in this case, on the basis of a lack of notice, I have no choice but to refuse defendants exercise of their "zero tolerence policy" and set aside the disciplinary action issued to petitioner pursuant to it.
  
The primary issue here is notice: the entitlement of subordinates to be promptly advised of what powers their superiors may exercise. Petitioner has a right to maintain access the terms, conditions, and procedures relevant to a "zero tolerence policy," as well as any other department policy and procedures. Arguably, so does the public. I can understand the importance of protecting confidential information, as the court does with publication bans, but the public's, employees', and subordinates' interest to know and have access without limitation to the policies and procedures of every government agency and its subsidiaries is no less important and required by law. Defendant had only supposedly disclosed to employees the existence and terms of a "zero tolerence policy" during acedemy and training. Such terms are documented on a document only available to instructors; in other words, not available to the petitioner and others similarly situated.
  
In this case, I cannot be asked to uphold disciplinary action issued to petitioner pursuant to a policy, procedure, or expectation that not he, nor the public, nor the court has been able to access.
  
**ORDER**

Defendants, lepa1234567 and the Vancouver Police Department, or co-defendant, the Emergency Response Team, is ordered to reinstate petitioner, shviapillips, to his original position and rank at Operator in the Vancouver Police Department and Emergency Response Team, provided petitioner passes a fairly administered final exam, the questions and contents of which are at the discretion of defendants and co-defendant.

Defendants, lepa1234567 and the Vancouver Police Department, or co-defendant, the Emergency Response Team, is ordered to display, in a public place, all of its policies, procedures, expectations, and the like. Any such policies, procedures, expectations, or the like not displayed in accordance with this order shall not be grounds for the exercise of disciplinary action or other powers stated therein. There is no obligation to display documentation from which no exercise of disciplinary action or other powers may arise.
  
---
koalaMedvedeva <br> Provincial Court Judge
