	Citation:       LeoMan080 v. IDoKnowHow_ToPlay01
                	2022 MCR 318
	Date:		20220109
	File Number:	14066-4
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER
</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		LEOMAN080			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		IDOKNOW_HOWTOPLAY01			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE IICRYPTIC_LAWMD

</b>

---

**FACTUAL BACKGROUND**

On the date of December 7th, 2022, the claimant was suspended in the Vancouver Police Department by the defendant for violating the Use of Force model that is trained in Law Enforcement academies.  

**RULING**

With this at-hand, I hereby rule in favor of the Defendant.
  
**REASON FOR JUDGEMENT**
  
This is mainly due to the fact that the evidence and truthful witness testimony affirming the fact that there was no peacemaking endeavor made between the affected individual, the witness, and the claimant. Therefore, it is unjust to assume that the Defendant did anything wrong when the claimant didn't take the proper steps as a law enforcement officer to discourage the situation. 

I find it highly unlikely that a Law Enforcement Officer bearing a reasonable mindset wouldn't jump the gun (No pun intended) to murdering an individual with a firearm pointed. This may have alternatively invoked a state of fear, however, does not constitute lethal force as the affected individual was not posing a grave threat to others. 
  
The mere act of pointing a firearm isn't justifable under the lethal threshold of the Use of Force model unless the possessor of that Firearm is actively using it while bearing a public safety hazard designation. 

With that being said, the disciplinary action is affirmed, and will not be struck down. 
  
---

iiCryptic_LawMD <br>
Municipal Court Judge
