	Citation:       HmmmMilton v. LeoMan080.,
                	2022 MCR 221
	Date:		20220720
	File Number:	13028-5
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		HMMMMILTON			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		LEOMAN080			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT	

---

<p align="center">		
		<b>		NOTICE OF JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE IICRYPTIC_LAWMD 

</b>
	
---

**FACTUAL BACKGROUND**
	
On or around the date of July 11th, 2022, HmmmMilton (hereinafter referred to as "petitioner") was detained by LeoMan080 (hereinafter referred to as "Defendant") for "False Arrest" which is done under Torts Act of 2022, a tabled piece of legislation. After being detained by the Defendant, the petitioner brings this matter to the court's attention. 

**RULING**

During pretrial, the defense made a pretrial motion to a Directed Verdict. When the defense argued the motion, the motion has been granted since, and as a result, the judgement is in favor of the **DEFENDANT**. And thus far, the petitioner is not entitled to the relief empaneled in their notice of claim. 

**REASON FOR JUDGEMENT**

Firstly, when we, the court system, evaluates whether a detainment by police is lawful, or unlawful, we review the standard of law which allows a detainment to happen which is Reasonable suspicion. In addition, Reasonable suspicion can develop further during the course of the investigation which serves as a necessity in forming Reasonable suspicion, and it may only form when it gives the accused an opportunity to commit an offense; however, when making such an application, we have to consider that it may only be applicable if the foundation for the establishment of Reasonable suspicion is suspicious already ***(R v. Deschenes, 2022 ABPC 193)***. 

When evaluating this case more, it has become apparent that the defense has the exact amount of Reasonable suspicion established and developed. There has been radio calls that the petitioner had "Obstructed an officer" which gave opportunity for the Petitioner to commit an offense before making that establishment. And that reasonable suspicion developed upon arrival of the scene when the flow of Vehicular traffic was discovered, and the fact that the petitioner had been getting in the face of the Sheriff's Deputy who had been talking to another individual before the incident broke out. 

---
	
iiCryptic_LawMD <br>
Municipal Court Judge
