	Citation:       aviaswrld v. Jamie_Wight
                	2022 MCR 249
	Date:		20220824
	File Number:	11018-2
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		AVIASWRLD			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		JAMIE_WIGHT			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT	

---

<p align="center">		
		<b>		REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE KOALAMEDVEDEVA

</b>
	
---

**DEFAULT ORDER**
	
In this matter, defendant Jamie_Wight failed to file a Reply to the Notice of Claim within the time period required. Accordingly, default is entered as to the claim challenging disciplinary action due to defendant's noncompliance with Rule 1.7. When a matter is defaulted, the defendant is assumed to not contest any of the facts plead by the claimant in the Notice of Claim and I will assume all facts plead are true.
  
Petitioner aviaswrld was a cadet in the Vancouver Police Department's Emergency Response Team academy. The *Revised Employee Rights By-law* expliclty provides that even residents and non-employees designated as in-training are entitled to some protections, such as the right not to be "treated differently based on race, sex, gender, religious beliefs, political orientation, or any protected group." Petitioner, however, does not allege discrimination on any of those grounds. Petitioner alleges instead that defendant's denial of petitioner request to extend his training period by 2 weeks. Petitioner alleges that his request had actually been approved by mrtrollerman1234, an academy staff member empowered to grant extentions for cadets. Based on the facts alleged, I agree the extention probably should have been granted. But that decision is nevertheless at the sole discretion of the employer. It is imporper to regard a discharge from academy or any other training process as a disciplinary action. Unless a clear prohibited grounds for discrimination is identified and alleged, I cannot grant relief under the *Revised Employee Rights By-law*. 
  
The claims and relief are denied.
	
---
	
koalaMedvedeva <br>
Municipal Court Judge
