	Citation:       Larkin_RBLX v. NotCaesahr.,
                	2022 MCR 247
	Date:		20220825
	File Number:	14043-4
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		LARKIN_RBLX			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		NOTCAESAHR			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT	

---

<p align="center">		
		<b>		NOTICE OF JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE IICRYPTIC_LAWMD 

</b>
	
---

**FACTUAL BACKGROUND**
	
On or around the date of August 14th, 2022, the defendant has placed the Plaintiff under Administrative Leave in the British Columbia Sheriff's Service for Second Degree Murder, and Careless Use of a Firearm as paneled in Exhibit A of the Plaintiff's Evidence. And since the termination was issued, the plaintiff brings this matter to the court's attention

**RULING**

When reviewing statements made, evidence, and everything recorded in the case channel, I, the presiding Judge, have decided to rule in favor of the ***PLAINTIFF***. Reason for this judgement will be outlined as such. 

**REASON FOR JUDGEMENT**

When looking at the intentionality of a criminal offence, we have to ask ourselves whether the evidence that supports, or otherwise has a false narrative of guilty presumption of criminal behaviour, has any valid contextual basis to corroborate its intentionality. Regardless if the crime doesn't need much of an intention to commit as some things can be done in the good faith and administration of Justice. 
  
Another thing we look at is the presumption of guilty acts, and evidence to support it. If there is no intentionality (Element of a crime), then there cannot be a solid case of criminal misconduct. 
  
**TAKE ON LEGAL COERCION; HOW IT CAN BECOME ILLEGAL**

Coercion (Extortion) is the act of using threats of violence, menace, or false statements to obtain something of reasonable value without any sort of lawful justification/excuse. A threat to bring civil proceedings is not considered illegal under extortion as a threat to bring civil proceeding does not involve violence, menace, or false statement, and therefore, it does not fit the criteria of Extortion as Extortion is based on the following elements to obtain something of reasonable value; 
  - Threats of Violence;
  - Threats of menace; and
  - Usage of false statements
  
There cannot be a classification of extortion unless the threat of property is uprooted, if false statements were made, if threats of physical or mental violence were made, or if threats of menace or threats of premonitory behaviour were made. A threat of lawsuit does not apply to these standards.
  
**STATUTORY IMPLICATION OF RULING**

In regards to a decision by Internal Affairs, one thing that was noted is the reference of the Employee Rights Act of 2022, a now nullified provision that is replaced by the Revised Employe Rights Bylaw ***See s, II(j)(i), Employee Rights Bylaw***, therefore, the reference of the former legislation would be legally out of boundaries as it cannot be legally enforced at the time the investigation occurred. 

The statutory implication of this particular ruling implies that the guide of using the old legislation is not enforceable under current legal provisions; under the lightened circumstance of investigative proceedings. 

**COURT ORDER**

As the defense were found liable, the defense is now obligated to fulfill all required relief for each tort in a timely manner which is arranged either in court, or out of court. Proof of fulfillment must be posted once the relief is handed over. 

Monetary relief will be delivered through Version 2 of Vancouver, and will be proven by submitting a GIF of payment. 

Non-monetary relief that entails an apology or a sorrow declaration to the victim (Plaintiff) must be proven by a screenshot of the apology being sent through the Plaintiff's, or the Plaintiff's Attorney's contact window (Direct messages). 

Non-monetary relief that entails administrative action must be proven by submitting a screenshot of the respective department's administrative logs channel showing that the plaintiff's action has been reverted due to legal fault. 

---
	
iiCryptic_LawMD <br>
Municipal Court Judge
