	Citation:       tr33sinthew00ds v. AmNobCop et. al.,
                	2022 MCR 212
	Date:		20220630
	File Number:	17014-5
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		TR33SINTHEW00DS			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		AMNOBCOP, FA4N7ED			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT	

---

<p align="center">		
		<b>		NOTICE OF JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE IICRYPTIC_LAWMD 

</b>
	
---

**FACTUAL BACKGROUND**
	
On the date of June 29th, 2022, tr33sinthew00ds (hereinafter referred to as "petitioner") was "Defamed" and "Harassed" in the Emergency Response Team Discord server by AmNobCop (hereinafter referred to as "Defendant") and Fa4n7ed (hereinafter referred to as "co-Defendant"). Shortly after, the petitioner brings this matter to the court's attention. 

**RULING**

 Given the factual background, evidence submitted, and testimonies gathered, it is safe to say that the case is going in favor of the **DEFENDANT**. Thus far, the petitioner is not entitled to the relief posted in their Notice of Claim. 

**REASON FOR JUDGEMENT**

Firstly, let's examine the situation before we jump to any conclusions. When examining the situation, we can see from the petitioner's point of view that they were "blacklisted" from the Emergency Response Team for a reason unbeknownst to them. 
  
When examining this situation with great detail, we must note the evidence from the defense. In Exhibit A, it entails that the petitioner who was blacklisted was unblacklisted. In addition to that, if we look at Exhibit B and C, we can see that the petitioner has been blacklisted a month ago; and the petitioner would not have any rebuttals to make thus far. 

All-in-all, the petitioner failed to meet the burden of proof for the Harassment claim because Harassment itself is defined as the repeated, yet intentional act of intimidation through means of aggravation; may include putting pressure on someone through similar means--to be enacted on another person. ***See s. III(m), Torts act of 2022*** By that definition, when we evaluate the evidence submitted by the part(ies), it is clear that the tort is not aligned with the evidence. 

Due to the Petitioner also going for the Defamation tort, we will also evaluate that. In order to get evaluation of whether content is defamatory or not, we look at the factors that have been established by precedent ***See tr33sinthew00ds v. C_hxcago et al, 2022 MCR 189***. The following factors (prongs) of defamatory evaluation is:
  - Whether the defamatory content at-hand directly mentions the petitioner; 
  - Whether the defamatory content at-hand is false, and can be proven such in a court of law;
  - Whether the defamatory content at-hand has led to the petitioner having consequences such as lost wages, lost business, companionships, etcetera; and;  
  - Whether the defamatory content at-hand has led to a malevolent perception to the petitioner/victim's public reputation

And we will dissect each. In the first prong, we can see that in Exhibit H submitted by the petitioner, that AmNobCop (hereinafter referred to as "Defendant") has attempted to ban the ID of 523543155732381716, which translates to the Petitioner's Discord ID. So, that would be a pass on the mentioning prong. For the second prong of it being false, and whether it can be proven. The answer to that is no because the petitoner lacks a burden of proof to prove that defamation occurred. And for the final prong, whether the content has resulted in the petitioner losing something or someone such as business, companionship, wages, or anything that may be otherwise specified in the future. And to that, it has. The blacklist has resulted in the petitioner being blacklisted from "Staff Management" divisions, and an addition to Training and Education. When determining these prongs, defamation in general is defined as the act of making false claims that are damaging to the public reputation of a person or entity ***See s. III(l), Torts act of 2022***. And if a claim is not defamatory, then it's most likely true, or it cannot be properly adjudicated to be true or false. 
  
Next, we will go over the tort that was Violation of Public Law. The law violated was the Case Release written by the Department of Law. Of course, notices from the Department of Law can be law to an extent. However, this notice in particular does not serve as a form of law or statute because it is simply a case release with recommendations, not demands, despite it being "ordered" in the Case Release. The tort Violation of Public Law is defined as a violation of a Public Law established through Statute ***See s. III(g), Torts Act of 2022***. And surprise surprise, notices and directives by the Department of Law are not statutes; rather a lower form of law. 

  
Lastly, we will be talking about Negligence. To define negligence, we look at this clause: "...shall be defined as the act of causing damage through neglect, or causing damage by failure to do what is socially, and legally, expectable of a person." ***See s. III(a), Torts Act of 2022*** Now, we will take this apart bit by bit. Neglect in itself would be considered incompetency because it shares a level. Now, when taking events such as this, and the clause of failing to do what is socially, and legally, expectable of a person, we can safely say that as far as legally, a blacklist is not considered a disciplinary action because a Disciplinary action is defined as action taken by the Employer or Human Resources which is used against the employee as a result of misconduct, failure to follow department policies, off duty crime, or other punishable offenses. Disciplinary action shall **only** be when an Employee has received a verbal warning, written warning, suspension, demotion, or termination ***See Art. I, s. I(11) - Employee Rights Act of 2022***, and thus far, does not get the same amount of protection as a termination would. So, the defendant has no legal obligation or expectation. When an action lacks legal obligation, then social expectation is disregarded as it is included with legal obligation. 
	
---
	
iiCryptic_LawMD <br>
Municipal Court Judge
