	Citation:       Mpglasses, et al. v. Royal Canadian Mounted Police, et al.
                	2022 MCR 127
	Date:		20220306
	File Number:	12011-2
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				VANCOUVER MUNICIPAL COURT
</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		MPGLASSES, FA1N7ED			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONERS
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		ROYAL CANADIAN MOUNTED POLICE, a government agency,			</b>
  <p align="right">		DEFENDANT
  <p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b> AHMED1837, DEPUTY_ALEX, MALLYVIBES </b>
<p align="right">		CO-DEFENDANTS

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE KOALAMEDVEDEVA

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Petitioner: ***Pro se***
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: ***Pro se***
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **March 6, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **March 6, 2022**

---

**BACKGROUND ON PROCEEDINGS**
  
This matter will be disposed of by default judgement following defendant's and co-defendants' notice to the court that they will not be filing a reply.
  
**ALLEGATIONS**
  
Petitioners, Mpglasses and Fa1n7ed, alleged that defendant and co-defendants, ahmed1837, Deputy_Alex, and mallyvibes, failed to provide them with reasons for which they were placed on administrative leave and under investigation. Due to the nature of default judgement, these allegations shall be assumed to be true.
   
**RELIEF CALCULATIONS**
  
Petitioners claimed relief in declaratory judgement, permenant injunction enjoining defendants from taking disciplinary action arising out of this incident, mandatory injunction to nullify petitioners' status as being under investigation, and relief in monetary judgement of $100000 per individual.
  
Without the input of either party, the court has determined that the appropriate relief for petitioners given the allegations is to be informed of the nature of and reasons for their investigations. To impose any relief claimed by petitioners would be undue burden on defendants in the course of their investigations. It strikes me as irrational that petitioners, claiming to not have been informed of reasons for their investigation, are more interested in preventing their employers and defendants to this matter from duly investigating the claims by requesting for a permenant injunction that would indeed prevent defendants from ever investigating the complaint against petitioners, than they are in knowing the actual reasons for their investigation.
  
In light of the circumstances, I will order that defendant and co-defendants, ahmed1837, Deputy_Alex, and mallyvibes, provide petitioners, Mpglasses and Fa1n7ed, reasons for which they were placed under investigation or administrative leave in writing within 24 hours of the publication of this judgement.
  
---

koalaMedvedeva <br>	
Municipal Court Judge
