	Citation:       Roe. v. Doe
                	2022 MCR 0
	Date:		20220101
	File Number:	17009-1
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER
</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		HEL_MARDUKK			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		MPGLASSES			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE TACTICALBLUE66

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Petitioner: **gbuttisnotmyname**
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: **N/A**
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **N/A**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **03/28/2022**

---

**INTRODUCTION**

[1] The Defendant submitted a motion to dismiss with prejudice due to the lack of evidene. 
  
  "Viewing Exhibit A, a video provided by the plaintiff, shows that at some point, they were
in possession of an Avtomat Kalashnikov-47 and an Intratec TEC-9, two firearms that are
“considered illegal even if the obtainer owns a valid PAL” (Control of Firearms Act of 2021, A2
S2). With that in mind, simply being in possession of either firearm satisfies the charge
“Possession of an Illegal Firearm”. Therefore, with the plaintiff owning both a TEC-9 and an
Avtomat Kalashnikov-47, it would negate the tort of “False Arrest” as a valid reason to arrest
was present.

Moving onto the tort of “Violation of Rights”, it’s clearly specified within the
Notice of Claim that “The defendant then without hesitation arrested me before I had the chance
to ask for a lawyer.” It’s impossible to predict what an individual is thinking about, and therefore,

an individual cannot violate a right that one did not exercise. It would negate the tort of
“Violation of Rights” as it’s simply unreasonable to predict that an individual wants a lawyer or
not."
  
[2] The Plaintiff failed to respond.

**CONCLUSION**

[3] This court finds that the Plaintiff did not prove any of the evidence they submitted during discovery, and did not respond to the motion to dimiss. The Defendant was able to successfully show to this court the reasons it should be  dismissed. 
  
[4] This case shall be dismissed without prejudice, due to prejudice against the defendant not being shown.
	
---

TacticalBlue66
	
Municipal Court Judge
