	Citation:       In the matter of an application by KIDRATA123
                	2022 MCR 118
	Date:		20220306
	File Number:	35022-5
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER</b></i>

---

<p align="center"><b>
			    	IN THE MATTER OF
<br><br>		AN APPLICATION BY Kidrata123 
<br> 				TO NULLIFY AW025

---

<p align="center">		
		    		NOTICE OF JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE ZLI_C

</b>
	
---

**FACTUCAL BACKGROUND**

On March 2nd, 2022, Kidrata123 (hereinafter referred to as the "Petitioner") filed an application to nullify their warrant placed against them by the Honourable Judge doulx.

The evidence provided shows Kidrata123 holding our their OBR, reloading it, but it doesn't show them actually killing the peace officer in the video. This holds no legal grounding for a warrant to be issued and is not in violation of the British Columbia Criminal Code.

The other evidence provided shows Kidatra123 allegeldly pepper spraying an Individual. Kidrata123 wasn't facing the Individual when holding out their pepper spray, they could've been sorting their inventory and misclicked. At the time, the person being pepper sprayed, on accident or not, the subject was not a law enforcement officer and there is no proof of them being a law enforcement officer, which doesnt correlate with the charge set upon Kidatra123.

With the proof brought forth to the courts, and statements from the petitioner, I find that:

- The proof showing the pepper spraying incident does not correlate with the charge definition of "Assaulting a Peace Officer with a weapon or causing Bodily Harm", and therefore is invalid.
- The incident where Kidrata123 is holding out their OBR, and reloading it does not show enough evidence that specifically shows Kidrata123 killed the peace officer.

**JUDGEMENT**

I hereby;

Nullify Arrest Warrant #025 set against Kidrata123

Kidrata123 was arrested for the charge "Assaulting a Peace Officer", and the reasoning is "AW025 Arrest Warrant", the arrest warrant did not specify that specific charge, therefore I hereby nullify that record and it is to be voided.

---

 zli_c<br>Provincial Court Judge
