	Citation:       DreaminqCharliee v. mallyvibes
                	2022 MCR 188
	Date:		20220601
	File Number:	14034-3
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER
</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		DREAMINQCHARLIEE			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		MALLYVIBES			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE KOALAMEDVEDEVA

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Petitioner: **iiCryptic_LawMD**
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: ***Pro se***
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **May 28, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **June 1, 2022**

---

**FACTUAL BACKGROUND**

  This action is a challenge of disciplinary action on the grounds that it violates the it violates the *Employee Rights Act of 2022* (the "Act") and lacked procedural fairness. Petitioner, DreaminqCharliee, alleges that defendant, mallyvibes, terminated him from the Vancouver Police Department on May 22, 2022 and that he was not notified of his termination and the cause thereof as required by law. The torts alleged are violation of public law and violation of rights.
  
**EMPLOYEE RIGHTS**
  
  Of the many rights provided to most public servants, being promptly notified of receiving disciplinary action and the cause thereof are some of them articulated in article 5 of the Act. But art. 2, s.8 of the Act explicitly precludes employees of the Vancouver Police Department from being entitled to those rights. Instead, art. 2, s.8(b) and (c) of the Act prescribes that the Vancouver Police Department is "required" to be "reasonable" with respect to "the action they take against their employees" and "follow their agency protocol on disciplinary action." 
  
  In the case of the Vancouver Police Department, none of its agency protocols actually establish restrictions to issuing disciplinary action. Indeed, the Act discharges the standard of review onto a phantom document. It is explicit that the law intends for the Vancouver Police Department to govern its own administration of disciplinary action, yet that law does not require the Vancouver Police Department to provide for a governing policy of disciplinary action. Petitioner made no challenge as to the reasonableness of his disciplinary action. Accordingly, defendant, mallyvibes, is not liable for violation of public law.
    
**PROCEDURAL FAIRNESS**
  
  Both parties agree that an administrative decision, such as decisions on taking disciplinary actions, made by a public authority, such as the Vancouver Police Department, that affects “the rights, privileges or interests of an individual” is sufficient to trigger the application of the duty of fairness: *Cardinal v. Director of Kent Institution*, [1985] 2 S.C.R. 643, at p. 653. The purpose of a review of procedural fairness is to decide whether the process leading to the decision was unfair thus warranting the decision to be set aside, without regard to the actual outcome of the decision. Procedural fairness requires, among other things, the right to an unbiased decision-maker. That is, for decisions to be made "free from a reasonable apprehension of bias, by an impartial decision-maker": *Baker v. Canada (Minister of Citizenship and Immigration)*, [1999] 2 SCR 817, at para 45.
  
  The test for reasonable apprehension of bias was set out in *Committee for Justice and Liberty v. National Energy Board*, [1978] 1 S.C.R. 369, at p. 394: “what would an informed person, viewing the matter realistically and practically--and having thought the matter through--conclude.  Would he think that it is more likely than not that [the decision-maker], whether consciously or unconsciously, would not decide fairly.” This expression of the test has often been endorsed by the Supreme Court of Canada in *R. v. S. (R.D.)*, [1997] 3 S.C.R. 484, at para. 11, *per* Major J.; at para. 31, *per* L’Heureux-Dubé and McLachlin JJ.; and at para. 111, *per* Cory J. 
  
  It is important to note that as with all principles of natural justice, "the degree of independence required of tribunal members may be ousted by express statutory language or necessary implication": *Ocean Port Hotel Ltd. v. British Columbia (General Manager, Liquor Control and Licensing Branch)*, [2001] 2 SCR 781, at para. 22. It is not open to a court to apply a common law rule in the face of clear statutory direction. But the language of the Act simply provides that the department had to be "reasonable". Confronted with silent or ambiguous legislation, courts generally infer that Parliament or the legislature intended the tribunal’s process to comport with principles of natural justice: *Minister of National Revenue v. Coopers and Lybrand*, [1979] 1 S.C.R. 495, at p. 503; *Law Society of Upper Canada v. French*, [1975] 2 S.C.R. 767, at pp. 783-84. It is therefore appropriate to apply the test established by the Supreme Court in *Committee for Justice and Liberty et al. v. National Energy Board et al., supra* to the facts of this case.
 
  Generally, departments have a division or some other body delegated with the task of investigating complaints against their employees and issuing disciplinary action to employees if necessary; in any case, department heads or their deputies do not investigate cases and issue disciplinary actions on a regular basis. It therefore appears unusual and raises a question of fairness when leadership administrators take it upon themselves to handle a complaint on dubious grounds and thereafter issue disciplinary action.
  
  Compounding the issue is the defendant's express dislike for and admitted indifference towards the petitioner (see minute 27:29 of trial recording). I am convinced that the conduct of petitioner's disciplinary proceeding leads to a reasonable apprehension of bias and has been conducted unfairly and is therefore in violation of his rights to procedural fairness. Accordingly, defendant, mallyvibes, is liable for violation of rights.
  
**RELIEF ORDER**
  
  I order that petitioner, DreaminqCharliee, has his disciplinary action issued by the Vancouver Police Department from May 22, 2022 stayed indefinitely. The Vancouver Police Department must, within 7 days of the publication of this judgement, appoint a non-biased adjudicator other than defendant, mallyvibes, and complete a reinvestigation of the complaint against DreaminqCharliee. If the adjudication is that DreaminqCharliee's conduct violated Vancouver Police Department policy, the adjudicator shall submit to this court immediately after that adjudication the reasons for that adjudication, at which point the court will assess whether the adjudicator had been "reasonable" pursuant to the Act. If the adjudication is that DreaminqCharliee's conduct did not violate Vancouver Police Department policy, the defendant, mallyvibes, shall restore petitioner, DreaminqCharliee, to his original position in the Vancouver Police Department. If the Vancouver Police Department does not wish to conduct a reinvestigation of petitioner, DreaminqCharliee's conduct, the defendant, mallyvibes, shall restore petitioner, DreaminqCharliee, to his original position in the Vancouver Police Department.
  
---

koalaMedvedeva <br>
Municipal Court Judge
