	Citation:       R. v. AsertSpacer
                	2022 MCR 294
	Date:		20222911
	File Number:	24055-4
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER
</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		REGINA				</b>
<p align="right">		CROWN
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		ASERTSPACER			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE IICRYPTIC_LAWMD

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Crown: **Dan_Enforcement, 103315**
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: **HolyRomanRyan**
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **11/13/2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **11/29/2022**

---

**INTRODUCTION**

On November 6th, 2022 at 9:40 PM EST (Time of criminal commissions), the Crown accuses the Defendant of the following: 
  - § 1.02 - Second Degree Murder - Count 1 - x1
  - § 6.04 - Illegal Discharge of a Firearm - Count 2 - x1 
  - § 4.01 - Dangerous Operation of a Conveyance - Count 3 - x1
  - § 4.02 - Assault with a Conveyance - Count 4 - x1

 The ruling for each charge will be outlined. 

**RULING**

For Count 1, (x1), § 1.02 - Second Degree Murder, the Defendant is found **GUILTY**. 

For Count 2, (x1), § 6.04 - Illegal Discharge of a Firearm, the Defendant is found **GUILTY**. 

For Count 3, (x1), § 4.01 - Dangerous Operation of a Conveyance, the Defendant is found **GUILTY**. 

For Count 4, (x1), § 4.02 - Assault with a Conveyance, the Defendant is found **GUILTY**.

**REASON FOR JUDGEMENT**

Let’s start off with Count 1, Second Degree Murder. The Vancouver Criminal Code defines Second Degree Murder as the following *(See § 1.02, subsection II*)*:
  
  *"Second Degree Murder shall be the act of intentionally causing the death of a person, or committing an act meant to cause bodily harm that the offender knows is likely to cause the complainant's death that resulted in the death of a person."*

With that being said, the Defendant intentionally caused the death of a witness (complainant) by firing at him multiple times until death occurred. *(See Count 2 for more details)*

Secondarily, let's review Count 2, Illegal Discharge of a Firearm. The Vancouver Criminal Code defines Illegal Discharge of a Firearm as the following *(See § 6.04, subsection II)*:
  
  *"Illegal Discharge of a Firearm shall be the act of intentionally discharging a firearm without legal means to do so, pursuant to current/future legislation"*

Now, this corresponds with Count 1 - Second Degree Murder because the Defendant had no legal justification to instill the use of their firearm against the witness (Complainant). This was the root cause of the complainant's death, and the Defendant knew that. The act was intentional; done with malice.

Tertiarily, let's review Count 3, Dangerous Operation of a Conveyance. The Vancouver Criminal Code defines Dangerous Operation of a Conveyance as the following *(See § 4.01, subsection II)*: 
  
  *"Dangerous Operation of a Conveyance shall be the act of operating a conveyance with a malicious disregard for traffic law which is likely to cause significant harm to members of the public"*
  
The Defendant, by driving improperly, violating Road (Pavement) Markings, the Defendant was acting in a manner that gave credence to their circumstances; acting dangerous to the public. 

Fourthly, let’s review Count 4, Assault with a Conveyance. The Vancouver Criminal Code defines Assault with a Conveyance as the following *(See § 4.02, subsection II)*:
  
  *"Assault with a Conveyance shall be the at of utilizing a Conveyance with little regard for traffic law and general public safety to strike a person or another conveyance."*

With that being said, the Defendant had caused bodily harm to the complainant and was an active danger to the public simultaneously because of the Defendant’s car (Black Crown Victoria) ramming the Complainant’s car (Red Crown Victoria). 

**SENTENCE**

With all that being said, the Defendant is hereby sentenced to 1350 seconds to jail in conjunction with all of the offences sentenced for. 
	
---

iiCryptic_LawMD <br>
Municipal Court Judge
