	Citation:       Aladinpecovor v. 1YT_MIK 
                	2022 MCR 199
	Date:		20220630
	File Number:	11012-7
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		ALADINPECOVOR			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		1YT_MIK 			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT	

---

<p align="center">		
		<b>		NOTICE OF JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE IICRYPTIC_LAWMD 

</b>
	
---

**FACTUAL BACKGROUND**
	
Surrounding the date of June 13th, 2022, Aladinpecovor (hereinafter referred to as "Petitioner") files suit against 1YT_MIK (hereinafter referred to as "Defendant") for Negligence about a claim that the Defendant acted unlawful during a supervisor request.

With factual background given, my judgement on the suit goes as follows.

**RULING**

 Given the evidence at disposal, and testimonies gathered, it is so disclosed that the ruling is in favor of the **PETITIONER**, and shall be entitled to full compensation as outlined in the Relief & Court order.

**RELIEF & COURT ORDER**

When deciding on relief, there are plenty of factors we, the courts, look at. In example, we look at the Debtee's demand, and whether the demand is in conformity with their sustained damages—whether minor or major.

Therefore, I hereby grant the relief of CA$35,000 as it is a perfectly reasonable relief for Negligence claims. 

Due to the relief being granted, the Defendant (hereinafter referred to as "Debtor") shall award the petitioner (hereinafter referred to as "Debtee") the monetary amount within a reasonable span of time.

**REASON FOR JUDGEMENT**

When making such a judgement of a claim this severe, we look at everything in our disposal. The mission of Exhibit A is supposed to prove that the Defendant was negligent by releasing a witness' suspect. 

The Defendant's counsel, TheCycloneGamers, makes the argument that Game Administrators are "superior authority" and that the uncuff order constitutes a reasonable basis for the suspect's release. Which is not even close to the truth, and has a lot of holes in it. 

For starters, if Game Administrators are in fact superior authority, then that means that they are held above the law, and could hypothetically boss departments around and possibly order them to do illegal actions, which is simply not true. The fact of the matter is that, contrary to popular belief, Game Administrators are not superior authority, and can be held accountable under color of law. Said Game Administrator has also allotted One-hundred and Fifty (150) seconds, which is 2.5 minutes when converted, which would give someone enough time to make a simple arrest report on the situation, and did not warrant the false imprisonment held by the Defendant.

Secondarily, let's talk about the legality of both orders from Game administration, and the legality of the orders of the Defendant. As game Administrators are not constitutionally mentioned to have any sort of authority over players, in situations like this, we have to consider the authority of Game Administrators relatively similar to that of a Citizen with benefits. While Game Administrators have special privileges to enforce GAME rules, no amount of privileges can have them enforce what Law Enforcement do, especially since the time allotted is sufficient enough to make a simple enough arrest report. Now, let's go over the Defendant's orders. Since the legality of Game Administration has been established, given the time allotted, and the order, the defendant was under no obligation to follow the orders of Game Administrators unless the time allotted was too miniscule, which in this case, wasn't. 

When talking about when a supervisor can exactly order someone's release, or non-verbally release them, they would have to assess whether the Detainer had legal justification, and that the arrest was in no way shape or form in violation of the entity's policies ***See Executive Order no. 5***

The best bet during shutdown situations is to look at the time, and examine the distance between booking spots, and quickly ask yourself "Do I have enough time for an arrest report" (Perspective of Officer).
	
---
	
iiCryptic_LawMD <br>
Municipal Court Judge
