	Citation:       tr33sinthew00ds v. C_hxcago et al
                	2022 MCR 189
	Date:		20220628
	File Number:	12030-7
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		TR33SINTHEW00DS			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		C_HXCAGO, KIDRATA123			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT	

---

<p align="center">		
		<b>		NOTICE OF JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE IICRYPTIC_LAWMD

</b>
	
---

**FACTUAL BACKGROUND**

On or around the date of May 15th, 2022, the tr33sinthew00ds (hereinafter referred to as "Petitioner"), has been terminated from the British Columbia Sheriff's Service by Kidrata123 and C_hxcago (hereinafter referred to as "Defendant(s)") for incompetency, insubordination (Failure to obey commands/orders), making a false arrest, and failure to identify. The petitioner brings this matter to the court under the following torts: Negligence, Violation of Rights, Right to challenge Disciplinary Action, and defamation. 

**RULING**

The background for this matter has been established; henceforth, this court rules in favor of the **petitioner**. They shall be entitled to partial compensation as outlined in the Relief order. The justification for this ruling shall be outlined in the Reason for Judgement

**RELIEF ORDER & COURT ORDER**

For the claim of Negligence which has been brought by the petitioner due to a lack of a proper investigation conducted, the defense (hereinafter referred to as "Debtor") is found liable, and the petitioner (hereinafter referred to as "Debtee") shall be awarded CA$250 in punitive damages. 

For the claim of Violation of Rights which has been brought by the petitioner due to a violation of the Employee Rights Act of 2022, the defense (hereinafter referred to as "Debtor") is found liable, and the petitioner (hereinafter referred to as "Debtee" shall be awarded CA$100 in punitive damages. 

For the claim of Right to challenge Disciplinary action which has been brought by the petitioner due to the illegality of the investigation's length, the defense (hereinafter referred to as "Debtor") is found liable, and the petitioner (hereinafter referred to as "Debtee") shall have his disciplinary action on May 15th, 2022, stayed indefinitely. Within 7 days of this order's promulgation, it shall be the obligation of the British Columbia Sheriff's Service to appoint a new unbiased adjudicator to the Petitioner's case that are not the defendants. If the adjudicator finds that the behavior of the Petitioner is not in conformity to the Code of Conduct, then said adjudicator shall instantaneously submit to the court with the reason of the adjudication, and their findings, and the court shall assess whether the findings of the adjudicator are "reasonable" contingent on this act. Should the adjudicator find that the Petitioner is not in violation of the Code of Conduct, the British Columbia Sheriff's Service shall restore the petitioner to his original rank. In addition, should the Defendant(s) be uncooperative with the idea of conducting a re-investigation of the case, then the petitioner shall be restored to his original position. 

For the claim of Defamation which has been brought by the petitioner due to the Document's language text, the defense (hereinafter referred to as "Debtor") shall be found **NOT** liable, and must award the petitioner (hereinafter referred to as "Debtee") CA$00.00 in damages.  

In spite of the Torts by which the defense is found liable of, they shall execute the relief in a pragmatic timeframe, with a notification to the Presiding Judge once the relief has been handed over to the petitioner.

**REASON FOR JUDGEMENT**

When evaluating whether a departmental investigation conducted by an Investigator is negligent or not, we look at the merits that underly with the case. The Duty of Procedural fairness is flexibly, variable. This is dependent on the appreciation of the context of the particular statute and the rights affected. ***see Baker v. Canada (Minister of Immigration) [1999] 2 SCR 817***  Given that, it's entirely suitable to find the Debtor liable of Negligence. The accusation in question when it comes to negligence is that it has been over a week long, which is orthodoxly prescribed in the Employee Rights Act of 2022 ***see Art. III, s. 4*** To which it outlines that for an investigation to last over that, it must require exigent circumstances ***See art. III, s. 4(b) - Employee Rights Act of 2022*** Which were the rights affected that incentivize the duty of Procedural fairness on the Defense, which the defense has failed to maintain. Henceforth, it is held that the Defense is liable for the claim of Negligence. Furthermore, when evaluating such a broad and generalized term such as "circumstances", we must first evaluate its background. The Defense argues that "[E]ntailed in Article 3 Section 4(b), “The employee may only be placed on Administrative Leave for more than one week in exigent circumstances.” In relation to the fact that the plaintiff has an extensive conduct history which would give the impression that he is a recurring offender aswell as the severity of the offenses in his case, the investigators deemed it fit to utilize the exigent circumstances clause in order to fully investigate the case which did unfortunately take some extra time." Which is not a suitable argument considering that the definition of discriminatory is defined as "[M]aking or showing an unjust or prejudicial distinction between different categories of people, especially on the grounds of ethnicity, sex, age, or disability." ***See Lexico Dictionary*** And the second definition of Disability is "[A] __disadvantage__ or handicap, especially one imposed or recognized by the law." ***See Lexico Dictionary*** The definitions in mind correspond with the Defense Attorney's argument because the disadvantageousness of the Plaintiff's Disciplinary Records is not a valid excuse for an investigation to go over the legally prescribed stipulation as conformed to the Employee Rights Act of 2022.

When a case is in violation of one's rights, it ultimately defeats the purpose of the concept of Procedural fairness, and can be grounds for a reimbursement by a re-trial of the incident; to conduct a better review of the merits at-hand. When we hear the term "Procedural fairness", that would, for a reasonable individual, perpetuate the idea of a procedure that is done with equity, professionalism and fairness. Part of being a fair procedure is that the person accused is entitled to an adequate number of inalienable rights that may accelerate the defense of their action, and shall be at the accused's own volition on whether they wish to execute their rights, or not. As mentioned in paragraph 1 of the Reasons for Judgement, Article III, Section 4(b) of the Employee Rights Act guarantees the mandatory minimum length of how long an investigation may play out; with the over-reaching of such a mandatory minimum deadline resulting in the accused's immediate release from investigation ***See Art. III, s. 4(a)*** unless exigent circumstances are bestowed. However, as established in Paragraph 1 of this very ruling, what really constitutes a "circumstance" as so broadly depicted by the Employee Rights Act is that if the circumstance at-hand is not, by any means, contingent on one's own disability, or disadvantage (Disciplinary Record, identification features [skin tone, gender]), but rather contingent on other mitigating factors that make an investigation almost impractical. Examples may be: Conflict of interest, lack of investigators, a Leave of absence taken either by the accused, or the investigator, etcetera. 

In the Right to challenge disciplinary Action tort, it entails the following "[R]ight to challenge disciplinary action shall be defined as the act to contest, in a court of law, a termination or other disciplinary action, made within a Public Agency." ***See Torts Act of 2022*** Which, when we look at cases that involve an action taken, we must give credence to the evidence that comes with the matter. When the courts have conducted a review of the evidence, along with arguments from each party, it is time to make a fair decision based on equity, and the decision is that the defense is held Liable of this offense as well as the judgement reason correlates with the reasoning of Negligence, and the utter lack of procedural fairness. 

During cases of defamatory content, we look at several different factors. For instance, whether the "defamatory" speech directly mentions the plaintiff, whether the statements being said are false, and can be proven false in a court of law, and whether the speech has ultimately led to the petitioner losing business, or wages. The speech in question, the language of the Disciplinary document, does not meet the aforementioned standards of defamation due to the fact that a) the content was proven to be true. 

---
	
iiCryptic_LawMD <br>
Municipal Court Judge
