	Citation:       doggythesnoop v. Jamie_Wight 
                	2022 MCR 200
	Date:		20220701
	File Number:	14035-4
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		DOGGYTHESNOOP			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		JAMIE_WIGHT 			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT	

---

<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE ZLI_C

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Petitioner: ***CarryHer***
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: ***Wetspell***
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **June 27, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **July 1st, 2022**
	
---

**FACTUAL BACKGROUND**
	
Surrounding the date of June 18th, 2022, doggythesnoop (hereinafter referred to as "Petitioner") files suit against Jamie_Wight (hereinafter referred to as "Defendant") for Violation of Rights and Right to challenege disciplinary action.

**RULING**

 The background for this matter has been established; henceforth, this court rules in favor of the defendant. The justification for this ruling shall be outlined in the Reason for Judgement.

**RELIEF & COURT ORDER**
	
For claim 1, Violation of Rights, I find the defenant Not Liable.
For claim 2, Right to Challenge Disciplinary Action, I find the defendant Not Liable.
	
Therefore I deny relief for both claims. The petitioner can take the neccessary requirements set by the department to get his blacklist revoked/appealed.

**REASON FOR JUDGEMENT**
	
The petitioner submitted evidence during discovery which shows the direct messages between himself and the defendant. The messages show the petitioner asking why they voted against him and what he could do to improve, then shortly afterwards the defendant blacklists the individual. 
	
The defense submitted evidence during discovery which shows the application the petitioner submitted to the Vancouver Police Department: Emergency Response Team. At the top and at the end of the application form, it has a few agreements which are the following:
- Do you understand that ERT Administration can deny your application for any reason deemed plausible?
- Do not message Administration regarding your application or you will be granted an immediate denial of the application.

The petitioner agreed to all of the above when submitting the application. 
	
During witness testimony of the defendant, Jamie_Wight, he stated that the petitioner had messaged other admission members about his application. They then entered two images into evidence that clearly show the DMs between the other admission officers and the petitioner. In the agreement on the application form the petitioner clearly agreed not to message administration about his application. The term administration is in regards to the higher ups within the department, not in particular the admission members.
	
It is to my knowledge that departments can make their own legally binding agreements within their application process, of which some may state the applicant cannot DM anyone about their application. Some may argue that taking that away is violating the rights of that person. The petitioner knowingly agreed to not message administration about his/her application but still did it anyway which was in violation of the agreement. He was denied by a vote from admissions prior to him messaging them about his application, but blacklisted for violating that agreement. 
	
In the closing argument from the petitioner he argued that the application agreement stated nothing about being blacklisted, but it is with the departments administration own obligation to blacklist whom they wish if it fits within a critera and not done just for full on hatred of an Individual. They continue to argue that the department didn't have any prior blacklist guidelines set, but nowhere in law does it state they have to have blacklist guidelines to blacklist an Individual from their department. This can be simply done through approval with an administration member. The defendent gained the approval of the Executive Officer, iSouthernXR as seen in his second witness testimony questioned by the petitioners attorney.
	
Overall, the petitioner agreed on the application to not message administration regarding their application, but proceeded to do so. This administration felt the need to blacklist this Individual for doing so and pestering six admissions officers and even administration about his application denial. It is within my belief that the petitioners rights were not violated as he signed an agreement stating he would not do an action he did and there is nothing illegal about the agreement.
	
---
	
zli_c <br>
Municipal Court Judge
