	Citation:       Dan_Enforcement v. Jamie_Wight 
                	2022 MCR 174
	Date:		20220630
	File Number:	15025-4
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		DAN_ENFORCEMENT			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		JAMIE_WIGHT 			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT	

---

<p align="center">		
		<b>		NOTICE OF JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE ZLI_C 

</b>
	
---

**FACTUAL BACKGROUND**
	
Surrounding the date of May 1st, 2022, Dan_Enforcement (hereinafter referred to as "Petitioner") files suit against Jamie_Wight (hereinafter referred to as "Defendant") for right to challenege disciplinary action.

**RULING**

 The background for this matter has been established; henceforth, this court rules in favor of the petitioner. The justification for this ruling shall be outlined in the Reason for Judgement.

**RELIEF & COURT ORDER**

For the claim of Right to challenge Disciplinary action which has been brought by the petitioner, the defense (hereinafter referred to as "Debtor") is found liable, and the petitioner (hereinafter referred to as "Debtee") shall have his disciplinary action on May 30th, 2022, stayed indefinitely. Within 7 days of this order's promulgation, it shall be the obligation of the Vancouver Police Department: Emergency Response Team to appoint a new unbiased adjudicator to the Petitioner's case that are not the defendants and authorizing users. The adjudicator must confirm or deny the existence of such policy prior to the disciplinary action against the petitioner. If the policy exists, and the adjudicator finds that the action of the Petitioner is not in conformity to the Policy, then said adjudicator shall instantaneously submit to the court with the reason of the adjudication, and their findings, and the court shall assess whether the findings of the adjudicator are "reasonable" contingent on this act. Should the adjudicator find that the Petitioner is not in violation of the Policy, the Vancouver Police Department: Emergency Response Team shall restore the petitioner to his original rank/division. If that rank is taken, he shall be restored to a lower rank within the same division prior to removal. In addition, should the Defendant(s) be uncooperative with the idea of conducting a re-investigation of the case, then the petitioner shall be restored to his original position.

**REASON FOR JUDGEMENT**
	
The petitioner presented proof upon disclosure of evidence of a screenshot pertaining to Senior Instructor hvisq saying that the cadets notes were lost and asking if he can send him the notes in DMs. The petitioner thereby said "Yes", giving them permission to do such action.
	
The defendant stated in his opening statement, and I quote, "However, due to the Sergeant's approval of notes given directly from the ciriculum, the Cadet had just copy and pasted it all, word for word.". The petitioner never approved the Senior Instructor to give notes directly from the curriculum, only approved the giving of notes. This can be interpreted in many ways. It is with fault that the Senior Instructor himself chose to give him the notes directly from the curriculum. I believe that it's not the petitioners fault that they cadet had chose to directly copy and paste the notes, and not type it word-for-word.
	
Witness testimony from the Executive Officer of Vancouver Police Department: Emergency Response Team stated, and I quote, "I don’t know if it’s a policy". Earlier in questioning by the defense attorney, TacticalBlue66, he asked, and I quote, "Are instructors allowed to just give the curriculum to those in the academy?". The witnesses reply was, and I quote, "I dont know for sure, but I think you cannot without good reason".
	
Witness testimony from the defendant, who at the time was the Captain / Director of Training & Education stated, and I quote, "No because they may copy and paste the information and plagarise". The question being, and I quote, "Great, lets get into the middle of it, are nstructors allowed to send curric to cadets?". The two witness testimony's are conflicting. One witness says they're not sure if it's a policy and the other basically says it is a policy.
	
No evidence was presented during trial and/or during the discovery period to bring light to this policy, so I cannot believe or not believe that it actually exists or not.
	
In the closing statement from the defense, they stated, and I quote, "Additionally, in closing they stated "the Executive Officer in his witness testimony couldn't confirm also if it was a set policy at the time" except he doesnt have too. He also said that it would be up to the director to know if that was policy, and the director did just that." Except from witness testimony records, he never said such words. The defendants attorney asked witness ISouthernXR (hereinafter referred to as "Executive Officer"), and I quote, "okay. So would that be a policy set by the director and/or deputy?". The witness replied, "If it was or is a policy, yes". That saying, the director can set such policy, but isn't confirming nor denying there is such policy.
	
With the information provided from witness testimony, opening statements, closing statements, and the proof provided upon discovery, I cannot say whether or not the policy exists or doesn't exist. If the policy does not exist, then the petitioner might not have known it was not allowed. If it does exist, then that will surface during the re-investigation.
	
---
	
zli_c <br>
Municipal Court Judge
