	Citation:       xXKenPlays v. mallyvibes
                	2022 BCPC 50
	Date:		20220128
	File Number:	14013-2
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				IN THE PROVINCIAL COURT OF BRITISH COLUMBIA
</b></i>

---

Between:
<p align="center">  <b> XXKENPLAYS	  </b>
<p align="right">		    Petitioner
<p> And
<p align="center">  <b>	MALLYVIBES 		</b> 
<p align="right">		    Defendant
<p> And
<p align="center">		
                   <b>  VANCOUVER POLICE DEPARTMENT, a government agency 
                   <br> COVERT INTERCEPT UNIT, a subsidary of a government agency		  </b>
<p align="right">		    Co-defendants

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE KOALAMEDVEDEVA

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Petitioner: **Mpglasses**
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: ***Pro se***
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **January 28, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **January 28, 2022**

---

**BACKGROUND ON PROCEEDINGS**

Counsel for the petitioner, on behalf of the petitioner, filed a civil action to this court on January 25, 2022. Petitioner's Notice of Claim (Court File No. 14013-1) was accepted on January 25, 2022. Petitioner, xXKenPlays, alleges unlawful disciplinary action and deprivation of rights arising out of a claim against defendant, mallyvibes, and co-defendants, the Vancouver Police Department and Covert Intercept Unit, on January 5, 2022. The Notice of Claim claims that defendant and co-defendants did not provide a proper disciplinary action document for the purposes of the *[Revised] Employee Rights Act of 2021* and that they took unlawful disciplinary action against petitioner. For the purposes of default judgement, I accept all of petitioner's claims as to have gone uncontested by defendant and co-defendants and as true.
  
Defendant, on behalf of himself and co-defendants, appeared before the court on January 25, 2022 and was ordered to produce a Reply by January 27, 2022. On January 26, 2022, defendant was granted an extention until 12:00 pm on January 28, 2022 to file a Reply at his request. At 12:01 pm on January 28, 2022, petitioner applied for default judgement.

**JUDGEMENT AND REASONS**

With a default judgement, the party to which judgement is issued in favour of is usually granted most if not all claims of relief. In this case, however, I will limit defendant's and co-defendants' liability to the claims of relief for reasons I will set out.

**Tort 1**
  
The tort of right to challenge disciplinary action intends to provide claimants of an unlawful disciplinary action an avenue to seek reinstatement to their original position and to have protected the right not be be unlawfully sanctioned at the workplace. For the lack of a Reply, defendant and co-defendants are assumed to not contest the claims of having issued unlawful disciplinary action. As to the claims for relief for tort (1), right to challenge disciplinary action, I will allow all of the claims for relief. 
 
**Tort 2**
  
The tort of violation of rights intends to provide claimants of any deprivation of rights set out in statute or by virtue of common law an avenue to seek relief. In this case, appropriate relief to restore petitioner to his rightful and original position has been sufficiently provided in tort (1). To justify relief as to this tort, petitioner alleges emotional damages caused by defendant and co-defendants through an unlawful disciplinary action. I must assume defendant and co-defendants do not contest these claims due to the nature of a default judgement and lack of Reply, however, I find that emotional damage is not a reasonable nor plausible injury that can arise out of defendant's or co-defenants' conduct that lead to deprivation of petitioner's rights. As to the claims for relief for tort (2), violation of rights, I will allow none of the claims for relief.
  
**ORDER**

I will grant default judgement to the petitioner due to defendant's noncompliance with Rule 1.7. 
  
Defendant, mallyvibes, and co-defendants, the Vancouver Police Department and Covert Intercept Unit, is ordered to reinstate petitioner, xXKenPlays, to the position and rank of Director of the Covert Intercept Unit, a subsidary of the Vancouver Police Department.

Defendant, mallyvibes, and co-defendants, the Vancouver Police Department and Covert Intercept Unit, is ordered to void any and all permenant or temporary records relating to the conduct of and disciplinary action issued to petitioner, xXKenPlays.
     
Defendant, mallyvibes, and co-defendants, the Vancouver Police Department and Covert Intercept Unit, is barred from issuing any form of disciplinary action to petitioner, xXKenPlays, for any alleged conduct on or prior to January 5, 2022. 	
  
Any person who is able to carry out any orders set out in this judgement may carry out such orders on behalf of the defendant and co-defendants without penalty. The orders contained within this judgement take effect immediately and must additionally be fulfilled by January 29, 2022.
  
---
koalaMedvedeva <br> Provincial Court Judge
