	Citation:       HmmmMilton v. Myao2211
                	2022 MCR 110
	Date:		20220327
	File Number:	13012
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER
</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		HMMMMILTON			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		MYAO2211			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE MALLYVIBES

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Petitioner: **Ryanepicgajer**
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: **gbuttisnotmyname**
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **March 4th, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **April 1st, 2022**


---
	
<p align="center"><b>		TABLE OF AUTHORITIES			</b>
	
Case Link
1. [HmmmMilton v. Myao2211](https://trello.com/c/ocox4Ynr/211-hmmmmilton-v-myao2211-2022-mcr-110) 
	
Statute
1. [British Columbia Criminal Code](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1GyejvWq_AyLKV-4lcKF_5cMlBfANOyoDqts4m93ri9I/edit?usp=sharing)
	
Other 
1. [Notice of Claim](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ESq4NoU5H49CiLswTuGmhvtWZm_ZNh1E/view?usp=sharing)
2. [Notice of Reply](https://drive.google.com/file/d/19XbEZPthI14-XPysty6ryMPRjL7AEhWu/view?usp=sharing) 
3. [Motion to Dismiss](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RbzeIX-DzEFfnfKmDZVbpSc0dEQhgbJP/view?usp=sharing) 
4. [Response to Motion to Dismiss](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15m-zSFTm8xPl2l26md_zz8MBYG82BoiX/view?usp=drivesdk) 
5. [Exhibit A](https://medal.tv/games/roblox/clips/cAEMI7L06G4b4/eX9XiPpLomYc?invite=cr-MSwxb0osNDIzOTM4MjEs)
	
--- 
	
**OPINION AND ORDER**
	
Pending the Court is the defendant's motion to dismiss. After consideration, responses, replies, and applicable law, and for the reasons set forth below, the Court **GRANTS** the defendant's requests for dismissal.

**BACKGROUND AND ANALYSIS**

On March 4th, petitioner, HmmmMilton alleged that defendant Myao2211 falsely arrested him for "Obstruction of a Peace Officer". The petitioner was on scene at a High-Risk Stop where Law Enforcement was aiming their firearms at a suspect and was asked to leave by the defendant. The petitioner failed to leave the area, which is why the defendant was cuffed and forcibly removed. Thereafter, the petitioner came back to instead be near the suspect's vehicle that Law Enforcement was aiming their firearms at. Therefore, the defendant detained the petitioner for "Failure to Comply" and then arrested him for "Obstruction of a Peace Officer". 
	
During the pre-trial proceedings, on March 17th, the defense submitted a motion to dismiss asserting that the petitioner was putting his life at risk because the scene was deemed to be high risk; thus, the arrest was justified and not false. This Court shall review the merits of this motion with acknowledgment of the governing instrument for this motion, that being the British Columbia Criminal Code, Code 1.07.
	
**STANDARD OF REVIEW**
	
**I. ANALYSIS OF THE MOTION TO DISMISS BY THE DEFENSE**

The defense in their motion to dismiss argued that the petitioner was putting his life in danger because the High-Risk Stop could have escalated and the petitioner was in the range of crossfire. Furthermore, the defense argues that the petitioner was removed by LEO to ensure his safety; yet, the petitioner once again put himself in harm's way--consequently, the petitioner obstructed the duties of law enforcement and his arrest was justified. Obstruction of a Peace Officer is defined in the British Columbia Criminal Code as an act where the person(s) are "resisting or wilfully obstructing a peace officer in the execution of his duty or any person lawfully acting in aid of such an officer, omitting, without reasonable excuse, to assist a public officer or peace officer in the execution of his duty in arresting a person or in preserving the peace, after having reasonable notice that he is required to do so, or resisting or wilfully obstructing any person in the lawful execution of a process against lands or goods or in making a lawful distress or seizure". 
	
From the [Exhibit A](https://medal.tv/games/roblox/clips/cAEMI7L06G4b4/eX9XiPpLomYc?invite=cr-MSwxb0osNDIzOTM4MjEs) in both the defense's and petitioner's discovery documents, we can see that the defense tells the petitioner to leave and the petitioner responds with "I'm EMT-P". The petitioner informing the defense he is EMT-P implies that the petitioner was attempting to assist the law enforcement on the scene. Without further debate, the petitioner disregarded the danger of the situation and the necessity of removing himself from the situation so that law enforcement could conduct their duties without further complications. Upon being told to leave by the defense, the petitioner should have complied and moved away from the scene or stayed at a safer distance. However, the petitioner did not do so and went closer to the car being held at gunpoint by law enforcement. Moreover, the petitioner failed to obey the orders given by the defense, which resulted in his arrest for "Obstruction of a Peace Officer". 
	
**II. ANALYSIS OF THE REPLY GIVEN BY THE PETITIONER**
	
Specifically, the petitioner argues that they did not interfere with law enforcement duties as the petitioner was standing on the sidewalk. Indeed, the petitioner was standing on the sidewalk; however, the petitioner was directly in the crossfire of law enforcement--which could have ended with the petitioner being killed provided that a shootout occurred in that situation. See 00.21 in [Exhibit A](https://medal.tv/games/roblox/clips/cAEMI7L06G4b4/eX9XiPpLomYc?invite=cr-MSwxb0osNDIzOTM4MjEs) and it shows where the petitioner was standing in this situation; in the crossfire of law enforcement. Additionally, if the petitioner was standing out of the crossfire of law enforcement, I would view this motion to dismiss differently. 
	
The Court would like to emphasize this specific part of the statute establishing the foregoing charge, "(b) The act of omitting, without reasonable excuse, to assist a public officer or peace officer in the execution of his duty in arresting a person or in preserving the peace, after having reasonable notice that he is required to do so". As stated previously in this opinion, we can say without a doubt that the petitioner was trying to assist LEO by stating, "I'm EMPT-P", which implies that the petitioner was there to give medical aid if necessary. However, as we can see in [Exhibit A](https://medal.tv/games/roblox/clips/cAEMI7L06G4b4/eX9XiPpLomYc?invite=cr-MSwxb0osNDIzOTM4MjEs), the petitioner was not on-duty representing a paramedic or fire service nor did the petitioner have a reason to be there. 
	
The petitioner states that the communication between the suspect at gunpoint and the petitioner did not hinder the verbal commands given by law enforcement. The Court can and will state that the communication going on between the suspect and the petitioner did hinder the ability of law enforcement to get the driver out of their vehicle as the suspect wasn't paying attention to law enforcement, but to the petitioner; thus, the petitioner did obstruct law enforcement. Yes, we can assume the petitioner may have tried to assist law enforcement; however, as stated previously, the petitioner had no reasonable excuse for being there.

**CONCLUSION**

Accordingly, based on the above, **IT IS HEREBY ORDERED** that:
	
The Motion to Dismiss be **GRANTED** and the case is hereby **DISMISSED WITH PREJUDICE**.
	
---
	
It is so ordered,

*mallyvibes*
	
Municipal Court Judge
