	Citation:       iiPro_Lawii v. EvayLaws
                	2022 MCR 196
	Date:		20220101
	File Number:	11011
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER
</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		IIPRO_LAWII			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		EVAYLAWS			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE MALLYVIBES

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Petitioner: **WesternRevolution**
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: **CarryHer**
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **June 16, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **June 30, 2022**

---

**OPIONION AND ORDER**

In the matter of iiPro_Lawii v. EvayLaws, I am entering judgement to the defense after consideration, responses, replies, applicable law, and for the reasons set forth below.

**FACTUAL BACKGROUND**
	
The petitioner, iiPro_Lawii, alleges that the defendant, EvayLaws, when issuing their disciplinary action did not adhere to the regulations set by the _Employee Rights Act of 2022_ (the "Act") and lacked procedural fairness. The petitioenr files claims on grounds that this cause of action violated their rights, violated public law, and they wish to challenge the disciplinary action issued. 
	
**FINDINGS OF THE COURT**
	
The petitioner has relied solely on the fact that their investigation lacked procedural fairness, they did not receieve proper formatting of the disciplinary action document, and the information distrubuted was not confidential. As an employee, you are granted the right to a fair investigation, as outlined in art. 5 of the _Employee Rights Act of 2022_. However, I'd like to put emphasis on art. 5, s. 1 of the Act because that is what the petitioner has claimed the defendant has violated. When you think of procedural fairness, you think of a procedure that is done with equity, professionalism, and fairness. "[T]he purpose of a review of procedural fairness is to decide whether the process leading to the decision was unfair thus warranting the decision to be set aside, without regard to the actual outcome of the decision." _Id_., quoting _DreaminqCharliee v. mallyvibes_, 2022 MCR 188. Throughout this case, or more specifically this argument regarding procedural fairness, the petitioner has failed to provide both inculpatory and exculpatory evidence for the Court to determine whether or not the defense failed to conduct their investigation in accordance with art. 5 of the Act. "[U]nlike substantive review of administrative decisions, in which the applicable standard of review must be determined, there is only one standard for considering whether a decision is procedurally fair: either the process was procedurally fair or it was not." _Id_., quoting _Patterson v. Alouette Correctional Centre for Women (Warden)_, 2019 BCSC 2139. I believe it is important to note that the petitioner was fully aware of his actions during the "investigation" by the RCMP Superintendent, BrianRevolution, as we see in [Exhibit A](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/925167365459685406/989861532517167134/ii_1.png) provided by the defense. Therefore, the Court concludes, as there is no evidence stating otherwiswe, that the process was procedurally fair. Accordingly, the defendant is not liable for torts 1 and 2.

As stated during iOfficer_Steve's testimony, the petitioner asked him "did he just said [send] you those videos/links out of nowhere" and he stated "no"--implying that the petitioner had intentions on sharing this "confidential" information to people who aren't authorized to view it, or more specifically, iOfficer_Steve in hopes he wouldn't report what he did to his superiors. Nevertheless, it's not up to the Court to decide what we think should be classified; our duty is to say what the law is. It's up to those given the responsibility to determine the classification of information and in this case--the National Security Intelligence division under the Royal Canadian Mounted Police has determined that the document with information about iOfficer_Steve and the evidence within was classified; therefore, it should have never been distributed amongst anyone but those authorized to see it, and if someone distributed the information without taking the proper measures to do so, the agency has every right to terminate that individual. Additionally, the videos distributed were all "unlisted", so the Court can assume they weren't meant to be shared. Therefore, I deny relief for tort 3.

I note separately that the _Employee Rights Act of 2022_ provides what format a disciplinary action document should be given and a Google Document is not one of them, as stated in art. 7, s. 2(b). However, the defense argues that a Google Document and a Word Document are the same type of format, document, and style. Yes, I agree that they are the same style, which makes the clause regulating the format confusing and ambiguous--but the Act states a Google Document is not acceptable formatting; therefore, it should not be used and there is no debating that. Nevertheless, the defense has proved that the petitioner was given the acceptable format for the disciplinary action document; thus, they are again, not liable for torts 1 and 2.
	
**COURT ORDER**
	
Having interpreted the relevant statutes, and considered the factual findings of this case, **IT IS HEREBY ORDERED** that this case be issued in favor of the defense and I deny all claims by the petitioner.
	
---

It is so ordered,
	
*mallyvibes*
	
Municipal Court Judge
