	Citation:       tr33sinthew00ds v. protectivetictac55
                	2022 MCR 169
	Date:		20220503
	File Number:	11005-2
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				VANCOUVER MUNICIPAL COURT
</b></i>

---

Between:
<p align="center"><b>		TR33SINTHEW00DS			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				And:
<p align="center"><b>		PROTECTIVETICTAC55			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT
  
---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE KOALAMEDVEDEVA

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Petitioner: ***Pro se***
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: ***Pro se***
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **May 3, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **May 3, 2022**

---

**DEFAULT JUDGEMENT**
  
  The defendant failed to provide a Reply within the time alloted. The court therefore issues default judgement to the petitioner and accepts all claims in the [Notice of Claim](https://github.com/koala4lif/Vancouver-Municipal-Court/blob/main/Court%20Record/2022%20MCR%20169%20(11005-1).pdf) as true. The court will, however, make determinations on questions of law.
  
**CLAIMS**
  
  1. **Assault**
  
  The threat of imminent use of a taser against a subordinate for a refusal to abide by a superior's orders constitutes assault. This claim is therefore allowed.
  
  2. **Battery**
  
  The use of a taser against a subordinate for a refusal to abide by a superior's orders constitutes assault. This claim is therefore allowed.
  
  3. **Violation of public law**
  
  Based on the facts alleged, the defendant's actions cannot be said to be a violation of Executive Order #005. Petitioner has not established that defendant is entitled to an exception under s. 3(d)(i) and (ii). This claim is therefore dismissed.
  
  4. **Defamation**
  
  In *Grant v. Torstar Corp.*, 2009 SCC 61, [2009] 3 S.C.R. 640, at para. 28, the Supreme Court of Canada held that a plaintiff must prove the following three elements in a defamation action: 1) the defendant made a defamatory statement, in the sense that the impugned words would tend to lower the plaintiff’s reputation in the eyes of a reasonable person; 2) the words in fact referred to the plaintiff; and 3) the words were communicated to at least one person other than the plaintiff.
  
  I find that all three elements are satisfied given the facts alleged. First, I am satisfied that the statement by Mr. protectivetictac55 is most likely false and intended to lower Mr. tr33sinthew00ds' reputation without due process.  Despite the original instigator being Mr. OfficerRayyan72, Mr. protectivetictac55, as an individual of relative power in law enforcement, legitimized Mr. OfficerRayyan72's allegations on the radio. Second, I am convinced that the facts point to Mr. tr33sinthew00ds as being Mr. protectivetictac55's intended reference when he responded in the affirmative, in support of, and in response to Mr. OfficerRayyan72's allegations. Finally, I am certain that the words were communicated to at least one person other than Mr. tr33sinthew00ds, provided the accessibility of on the radio channel in which the defamatory statement was being made. Even if in reality there was no second recipient, I would still have been satisfied of part three of the three-part test for defamation because statements made on the radio are inherently on permanent record and thus damaging to the subject of any such defamation.
  
  5. **Right to challenge disciplinary action**
  
  The reasons for Mr. tr33sinthew00ds' termination appear not necessarily invalid based on the facts alleged. However, the investigator for the disciplinary proceedings against Mr. tr33sinthew00ds, Mr. protectivetictac55, was a witness of Mr. tr33sinthew00ds' alleged demeritable conduct. There is a clear conflict of interest and I am satisfied that Mr. tr33sinthew00ds' investigation was conduct without sufficient due process. Accordingly, I will set aside Mr. tr33sinthew00ds' termination and order new disciplinary proceedings in relation to his conduct on April 23, 2022 before a different investigator and adjudicator (see *Order*).
  
**RELIEF**
  
  1. Monetary relief of $1000 is awarded of $36800 claimed. 
  
  2. All relief claimed is denied for the claim of battery. The court refuses to grant relief in retribution and will only grant relief in restitution.
  
  3. All relief claimed is denied for the claim of violation of public law.

  4. Monetary relief of $5000 is awarded of $18400 claimed. Request for letter of apology is denied.
  
  5. Injunctive relief for reinstatement is denied. A remand for further proceedings is instead awarded.
  
**ORDER**
  
  1. Defendant, Mr. protectivetictac55, is directed to pay petitioner, Mr. tr33sinthew00ds, $6000 within 48 hours of the publication of this order. 
  
  2. Defendant, Mr. protectivetictac55, or any other person capable of carrying out this order, is directed to reinstate petitioner, Mr. tr33sinthew00ds, to his original position in the Vancouver Police Department as of April 23, 2022 within 48 hours of the publication of this order.  The Vancouver Police Department is then directed to commence new disciplinary proceedings against Mr. tr33sinthew00ds in relation to his conduct on April 23, 2022 in which Mr. protectivetictac55 may not be an investigator or adjudicator.
  
---

koalaMedvedeva <br>	
Municipal Court Judge
