	Citation:       R. v. ireallyyeet
                	2022 MCR 214
	Date:		20220715
	File Number:	26011-2
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN			</b>
<p align="right">		PROSECUTION
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		IREALLYYEET			</b>
<p align="right">		ACCUSED	

---

<p align="center">		
		<b>		MEMORANDUM RESPECTING THE ACCEPTANCE IN PART AND REJECTION IN PART OF GUILTY PLEAS
<br> AND DEMAND FOR SENTENCING 
</b>
	
---

**PLEAS ENTERED**
  
The accused, ireallyyeet, has plead as follows to the counts on the indictment at the arraignment.

- Count 1 - Assaulting a peace officer - Guilty
- Count 2 - Assaulting a peace officer with a weapon or causing bodily harm - Guilty
- Count 3 - Assault - Not guilty
- Count 4 - Illegal discharge of a firearm - Guilty
- Count 5 - Pointing a firearm - Guilty
  
The crown subsequently dropped count 3. 
  
**ACCEPTANCE IN PART AND REJECTION IN PART OF PLEAS**
	
Where elements of offences overlap, the accused cannot be convicted on the lesser offences that is embraced by the primary offence if he is convicted on that primary offence. I find that count 1--assaulting a peace officer--is a lesser included offence of count 2--assaulting a peace officer with a weapon or causing bodily harm. This is because the elements of the latter offence--carrying, using or threatening to use a weapon or an imitation of one against or causing bodily harm to a public officer or a peace officer engaged in the execution of his duty or a person acting in aid of such an officer--is in itself an act of assault contrary to the former offence. I also find that count 4--illegal discharge of a firearm--is a lesser included offence of count 5--pointing a firearm. In the act of illegally discharging a firearm contrary to the *Criminal Code*, one would have committed the act of illegally pointing a firearm contrary to the *Criminal Code*. It is thus not possible to commit the former offence without also committing the latter.
  
Accordingly, I an unable to accept the accused's pleas as to count 1 and 5 and will enter acquittal on both these counts. Having found that the facts satisfy the charge and that the plea was voluntary and unequivocal as to counts 2 and 4, I accept the guilty pleas as to those two counts.

**SENTENCING HEARING**

Counsel is directed to schedule for a sentencing hearing through chambers.
  
---
	
koalaMedvedva <br>
Municipal Court Judge
