	Citation:       Loveanaboy v. XxJsmartxX, 2022 MCR 336
	Date:		2023326
	File Number:	13031
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER
</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		LOVEANABOY			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		XXJSMARTXX			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE MALACHI KEATING

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Petitioner: **TheCycloneGamers**
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: ***Pro se***
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **December 23, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **March 26, 2022**

---

**OPINION OF THE COURT**

In the matter, *Loveanaboy v. XxJsmartxX, 2022 MCR 336*, I am entering judgement to the petitioner after consideration, responses, replies, applicable law, and for the reasons set forth below.

**BACKGROUND AND ANALYSIS**

On December 21, 2022, petitioner, Loveanaboy filed a petition to the Court alleging that defendant, XxJsmartxX falsely removed them from their position within the British Columbia Automobile Association thus violating their rights, violating public law, and negligence.

**FINDINGS OF THE COURT**

It is important to note that the petitioner, by reason from the defendant, was removed from their position because it was instructed by the Mayor’s Office that anyone appointed by TacticalBlue66 (Former BCAA Director whom was appointed by the Founder) were to be removed from their position because they weren’t “legally” head of the department. However, the Founder, who has the authority to make any decision for the best interest of the community, appointed TacticalBlue66 to their position and because of that, council approval and mayoral nomination wasn’t necessary. Therefore, TacticalBlue66 was legally the head of the department because he was appointed by the Founder, and not even our Charter or laws can overrule what the Founder decides or does. 

According to the *Revised Employee Rights Bylaw* (the “Bylaw”), an employee is “[a]ny resident employed within a lawfully established government agency but shall not include any resident employed with a designation of still being in training before entering full employment.” Because TacticalBlue66 appointed the petitioner, Loveanaboy, to the position and rank of Operations Manager for the British Columbia Automobile Association and stated he trained the petitioner, they are classified as an employee and thus granted the rights given by the *Bylaw*. Furthermore, as stated in Section III(g) of the *Bylaw*,  those under the Executive aren’t bound to follow through with any recommendation of disciplinary action, but if they do, they are obligated to follow the regulations and procedural fairness mentioned. All decisions on taking disciplinary actions, made by a public authority that affects “the rights, privileges or interests of an individual” is sufficient to trigger the application of the duty of fairness: Cardinal v. Director of Kent Institution, [1985] 2 S.C.R. 643, at p. 653 despite the petitioner being appointed by a Director who wasn’t nominated by the Mayor and approved by the Council. 

**PERJURY INVESTIGATION**

After reviewing the matter at hand, it has been found that the defendant, xXJsmartxX, committed perjury during trial proceedings and the Ministry of Justice has been directed to pursue criminal charges. 

**COURT ORDER**

Having interpreted the relevant statutes, and considered the factual findings of this case, **IT IS HEREBY ORDERED** that this case be issued in favor of the petitioner for torts 1, 2, 3, and 4. However, I **DENY** relief for torts 2, 3, and 4. 

The British Columbia Automobile Association, are ordered to reinstate Loveanaboy to their former position and rank of Operations Manager.

Any person who is able to carry out any orders set out in this judgement may carry out such orders on behalf of the defendant without penalty. The orders contained within this judgement take effect immediately and must additionally be fulfilled by March 27. 2023 @ 1:00 pm EST.

The British Columbia Automobile Association, is ordered to void any and all permanent or temporary records relating to the conduct of and disciplinary action issued to the petitioners.

The British Columbia Automobile Association, is barred from issuing any form of disciplinary action to petitioners in regards to this matter. 
	
—

It is, so, totally ordered,

Malachi Keating <br>
Municipal Court Judge


