	Citation:       shviapillips v. British Columbia Sheriff Service
                	2022 BCPC 65
	Date:		20220219
	File Number:	13007-3
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				VANCOUVER MUNICIPAL COURT
</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		SHVIAPILLIPS			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		BRITISH COLUMBIA SHERIFF SERVICE, a government agency			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE KOALAMEDVEDEVA

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Petitioner: ***Pro se***
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: **Mpglasses**
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **February 5-18, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **February 19, 2022**

---

**BACKGROUND ON INITIAL FILINGS**

Petitioner, shviapillips, was disciplined by defendant, the British Columbia Sheriff Service, a government agency, on January 23, 2022 with termination of employment as a result of conduct alleged to have occurred on January 22, 2022 in which the violation alleged was failure to provide a supervisor resulting in violation of department policy and Executive Order #3. Petitioner alleges that this disciplinary action was unfair and seeks review from this court by right to challenge disciplinary action. Petitioner further alleges violation of rights and that defendant issued disciplinary action inconsistent with past disciplinary proceedings, amounting to discrimination under the *Employee Rights Act of 2022*. Defendant denies both allegations, citing that the offences alleged were not only violations of agency policy, but also violations of an executive order, thus warranting a termination.
	
**BACKGROUND ON DISCIPLINARY PROCEEDINGS**

Defendant states in their disciplinary action report that petitioner had denied an individual a request for a supervisor because petitioner had blocked the individual and as a result cannot see the messages of the individual. The report goes on to allege that petitioner should not have been the arresting officer due to the fact that petitioner had blocked the individual, thus depriving the individual of equal treatment, but it is shy of alleging unlawful detainment or arrest.

**ANALYSIS OF ALLEGATION OF UNFAIR DISCIPLINARY ACTION**

Petitioner makes the argument that, since he had had the individual detained blocked, he had no way of knowing the individual had requested a supervisor. The justification provided by petitioner was that the individual had been intoxicated. I see neither the justification nor the argument as reasonable grounds for why the denial of a supervisor could have been appropriate or excusable. It would appear that petitioner admits to being wilfully blind to binding requests made to him by his detainee, and then uses wilful blindness as an argument to seek legal excuse from liability for his conduct. Petitioner eventually concedes he is not immune from his conduct by virtue of voluntarily induced lack of knowledge; he concedes the disciplinary action was not unfair to this end and drops this claim.

Petitioner also contends that because the denial of a supervisor outside of Vancouver is generally and supposedly treated as a minor offence, that agencies operating within the jurisdiction of Vancouver should also have to do so. I disagree. Government agencies and regulators, including the defendant, is entitled to determine the standard of severity for discipline of offences set out in their policies under law. There is no basis for petitioner’s contention.

**ANALYSIS OF ALLEGATION OF INCONSISTENT DISCIPLINARY ACTION**

Petitioner makes the argument that art. 2, s. 2 of the *Employee Rights Act of 2022*, which reads as follows:
	
	An employee shall not be discriminated against or treated differently than other employees. They shall not be demoted, suspended, or have Disciplinary Action taken against them unless satisfied by any of the following reasons:
	a. Violating agency policy within the past 3 calendar weeks.
	b. A summary or indictable offense committed since the start of employment, provided it is arrestable by the criminal code. Provisions may be found in Article VII, Section V.
	c. A summary or indictable court conviction since the start of employment, provided it is arrestable by the criminal code. 
	d. Restructuring of the agency, unless proven it was issued unfairly or was targeted against one or more employees.
	
was violated by defendant. 

Petitioner argues that the two sentences in s. 2 reads separately. I agree. The first sentence in s. 2 provides that an employee the absolute right not to be discriminated against or treated differently than other employees. The second sentence in s. 2 provides that an employee shall not be demoted, suspended, or have disciplinary action taken against them unless one or more of the reasons specified by s. 2(a-d) have been satisfied. I further determine that discrimination in this instance is the act of an employer differentiating adversely in relation to an employee and their conduct between otherwise similar incidents, including issuing disciplinary action inconsistent with the norms of disciplinary action for a similar incident.

**ANALYSIS OF SIMILARITY BETWEEN INCIDENTS**

Having determined it constitutes discrimination for a government agency or regulator to issue inconsistent disciplinary action, and provided petitioner is entitled to the lesser of two or more disciplines, there is no question that a considerable portion of this case hinges on whether petitioner has been able to demonstrate an incident in which the facts there were similar to those here, yet a different disciplinary action was issued. It is important that I only consider incidents after the *Employee Rights Act of 2022* had gone into effect on January 8, 2022. Petitioner has proposed that I consider incidents where a more serious incident had occurred than what petitioner is alleged to have done but where similar or even more lenient disciplinary actions were issued. Although most disciplinary actions can be objectively said to be more or less lenient or harsh than another, the same cannot be said for policy violations—that departments can determine for themselves. I therefore decline to consider such incidents.

In an extraordinarily admitted exhibit, I have determined the [report]( https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_Dp10VnRuasCQZmAB5Gq5oZtnykq31P_/view) of disciplinary action against 4PVD to be sufficiently similar to the incident-at-issue. The violations alleged in this report were identical to those against petitioner: violation of department policy and Executive Order #3, yet in this incident, the subject received a 7-day suspension, an objectively less harsh disciplinary action than the termination petitioner was issued. In fact, the margin between a 7-day suspension and a termination would appear large enough to, at least in this matter, conclude that discrimination had occurred, and that petitioner is entitled to the lesser punishment.

**CONFLICT BETWEEN STATUTE LAW AND PUBLIC SAFETY DIRECTIVE**

Defendant disagrees with any discrimination having occurred, arguing that a harsher-than-usual disciplinary action was justified under Public Safety Directive #2; not only does it grants employers the power to issue “long-term suspension or termination” for “all violations of policy,” wherein “long-term suspension” was defined as “any suspension that is 7 or more days in length,” it actually mandates it. A key word here is “or,” as in departments *had* to choose between either suspension of 7 days or longer *or* termination. I am thus having to declare the *Employee Rights Act of 2022*--which is a statute law--to have supremacy over Public Safety Directive #2--which is secondary legislation. 

Having determined that the *Employee Rights Act of 2022* indeed takes precedence, I conclude that discrimination did in fact occur because, when correctly looking to only the Act and not the directive, there is no longer a blanket requirement for employers to impose certain disciplinary actions.

The other issue here is departments being compelled to comply with statute law--which provides for an absolute ban against discrimination of employees, meaning the requirement to maintain consistent disciplinary action exists--all the while a public safety directive provides that all policy violations shall result in at least a 7-day suspension. Both forms of legislation impose penalties, criminal or administrative, for noncompliance. This constitutes an unlawful interference with the duties and responsibilities of departments and agencies.

**JUDGEMENT AND ORDERS**

With respect to tort 1, right to challenge disciplinary action, judgement is awarded to the petitioner, shviapillips. Relief is granted in part and denied in part. Defendant, the British Columbia Sheriff Service is ordered to reinstate shviapillips to the British Columbia Sheriff Service and specifically to the position he was terminated from on January 23, 2022; and internal affairs case 01-22-006 is stayed. Relief for apologies are denied. Relief must be fulfilled within 48 hours of the publication of this judgement.

With respect to tort 2, violation of rights, judgement is awarded to the petitioner, shviapillips. Public Safety Directive #2 is nullified effective immediately. Blanket mandates for disciplinary action imposed secondary legislation that is not statute law is an undue interference into the functions and operations of departments and agencies.
	
---

koalaMedvedeva <br>	
Provincial Court Judge
