	Citation:       In the matter of an application by Dylatk1 for an injunction against FatherLando_n
                	2022 BCPC 53
	Date:		20220130
	File Number:	33004-2
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				IN THE PROVINCIAL COURT OF BRITISH COLUMBIA
</b></i>

---

Between:
<p align="center">  <b> DYLATK1	  </b>
<p align="right">		    Applicant
<p> And
<p align="center">  <b>	FATHERLANDO_N 		</b> 
<p align="right">		    Respondent
<p> And
<p align="center">  <b> MPGLASSES	  </b>
<p align="right">		    Intervenor
  
  ---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT <br> OF THE <br> HONOURABLE JUDGE KOALAMEDVEDEVA
</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Applicant: **DiazEdmundo**
<br>				Counsel for the Respondent: ***Pro se***
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **January 29-30 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **January 30, 2022**

---

**FACTUAL BACKGROUND**
  
On January 29, 2022, applicant, Dylatk1, was dismissed from his position Overseer of Operations for Translink by respondent, FatherLando_n. An application for injunction to stay the dismissal was filed with this court, with reason that respondent acted ultra vires in exercising government powers to dismiss applicant.
  
**HISTORY OF INJUNCTION ORDERS**

On January 29, 2022, I granted applicant a preliminary injunction for stay of his dismissal as Overseer of Operations of Translink until 10:00 am on January 31, 2022 with reason that applicant provided prima facie evidence that the Constitution does not provide respondent with such authority. 
  
**ANALYSIS**
  
In assessing whether the government is entitled to take a certain action it asserts it has the right to, I will only look to any possible textual support for that assertion. 
  
Art. 11, s. 11 of the *Constitution Act of 1867* provides "the Premier and the Lieutenant Governor...executive powers"; whereas executive powers is further defined as the power "to discipline any of the aforementioned appointments"; whereas aforementioned appointments, as I interpret it, means any appointment under article 11. The same section also prescribes that those aforementioned appointees "shall serve at their pleasure"; whereas the pronoun, as I interpret it, means both the Premier and the Lieutenant Governor. In subsection (a), a provision states that "they shall not be relieved of their duties without cause"; whereas the pronoun *them*, as I interpret it, means any appointee under article 11. The subsection also states that "it shall follow the disciplinary action procedures set out by the Employees Right Act of 2021, or any act following the Employees Right Act"; whereas the pronoun *it*, as I interpret it, means a relief relief of duties under art. 11, s. 11.
  
To summarize, both the Premier and Lieutenant Governor may discipline and relief anyone appointed under article 11; and any relief of duty by either the Premier and Lieutenant Governor must not be done without cause and in compliance with employees' rights enactments; however, any discipline other than a relief of duty by the Premier and Lieutenant Governor do not require cause nor compliance with employees' rights enactments, under the Constitution.
  
Having determined that both the Premier and the Lieutenant Governor can dismiss appointees under article 11, I turn to art. 11, s. 6 of the *Constitution Act of 1867* which prescribes that "the Premier retains the power...to appoint an operator...to be known as the Overseer of Operations...to control and manage Translink." This qualifies the position from which the applicant was removed from as an appointment referred to in s. 11.
  
But also in this provision, the Overseer of Operations "hold the office at the pleasure of the Premier." It appears that the Constitution contradicts itself and it, being the Constitution, would supersede any other law attempting to correct the error, other than an amendment to it, which does not exist. In the realm of constitutional interpertation, however, I see no ambiguity, only redundancy. The Premier and Lieutenant Governor are both entitled to disciplining and relieving the duties of the applicant under article 11, but only the Premier may appoint him and subsequent Overseers of Operations. 
  
The Lieutenant Governor acted intra vires. His dismissal of the applicant is within his powers under art. 11, s. 11 of the *Constitution Act of 1867*. This is not to be construed as being the same as to holding Executive Powers over the department, including the power to appoint an Overseer of Operations; those powers are reserved to the Premier under art. 11, s. 6 of the *Constitution Act of 1867*.
  
**ORDER**
  
I will deny the application for a mandatory injunction and set aside the preliminary injunction issued on January 29, 2022 (Court File 33004-1).
  
---
koalaMedvedeva <br> Provincial Court Judge
