	Citation:       Eman7654321 v. funkyfan12
                	2022 MCR 190
	Date:		20220627
	File Number:	11010
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER
</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		EMAN7654321			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		FUNKYFAN12			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE MALLYVIBES

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Petitioner: **iiCryptic_LawMD**
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: **WesternRevelation**
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **June 4, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **June 28, 2022**

---
	
**OPINION AND ORDER**
	
In the matter of Eman7654321 v. funkyfan12, I am entering judgement to the petitioner after consideration, responses, replies, applicable law, and for the reasons set forth below.
	
**FACTUAL BACKGROUND**
	
The petitioner, Eman7654321, alleges that the defendant, funkyfan12, falsely initiated a traffic stop on May 27th, 2022. The petitioner files a claim the day of on grounds that the defendant violated his rights, violated public law, harassed, and falsely cited him. 
	
**FINDINGS OF THE COURT**
	
In the video, we see the petitioner is stopped by the defendant for failure to stop at a stop sign. According to the _Vehicle Code, RSC, T-1.7.11_, which provides that drivers who fail to make a complete stop at a stop sign and as established, are subject to punishment under that code. “[T]he purpose of a stop-sign statute is ‘to require a vehicle to stop before it is in a position where it could impede or hit pedestrians who might be in a crosswalk, or cross-traffic that could be in an intersection.” _Id_., quoting _State v. Link_ [2018]. As we saw in the video, the petitioner comes to a complete stop and stops before he could possibly impede incoming traffic or pedestrians. The defendant is in the vicinity of the petitioner and should have been aware of that. Further, the defendant had no reason for stopping the petitioner as we note later in the video. The _Law Enforcement Act of 2022_, art 3, s.4(a) of the Act requires that law enforcement have reasonable grounds to detain an individual. Considering the defendant did not have reasonable grounds to initiate a traffic stop on the petitioner as, or in other words, detain the petitioner, as we concluded previously, the Court will constitute that the traffic stop was arbitrary detention. “[T]he unlimited right of police officers to stop motor vehicles without any reason cannot be justified under s. 1 of _Canadian Charter of Freedoms and Rights_ (the “Charter)” _Id_., quoting _R. v. Ladouceur_, [1990] 1 S.C.R. 1257. The defendant went against the _Law Enforcement Act of 2022_ and the _Canadian Charter of Freedoms and Rights_. Accordingly and based on the above, the defendant violated public law, violated the petitioner’s guaranteed rights, and falsely cited the petitioner. Therefore, the defendant is liable for relief for torts 1, 2 to an extent, and 3.

The petitioner mentions in his claim that and I quote, “the conversation had been going on for so long at this point it could probably be considered harassment.” As stated in the _Torts Act of 2020_, s.3(m) of the Act states that harassment is the repeated, and intentional aggravated intimidation or pressure of another person. Unfortunately, there is a lack of both inculpatory and exculpatory evidence in this case for the defendant to be liable for harassment. The burden of proof has not been met for that tort; therefore, the defendant shall not be held liable for tort 4. 

**COURT ORDER**
	
Having interpreted the relevant statutes, and considered the factual findings of this case, **IT IS HEREBY ORDERED** that this case be issued in favor of the petitioner for torts 1, 2 at an extent, and 3. 
	
The Court **ORDERS** that the defendant (hereinafter referred to as the "Debtor") pay the petitioner (hereinafter referred to as the "Creditor") $100,100. When the debtor is completing the payment of money to the creditor, they must record their whole screen, which includes the time and date, and the amount of money being transferred to the creditor’s account. The said amount of money must be transferred to the creditor’s account before July 3rd, 2022. If the debtor fails to pay the said amount before the set date, they shall be found in contempt of this court and an order for their imprisonment shall be entered.
	
The Court will **GRANT** the petitioner an expungement for their "failure to stop at stop sign" citation given on May 27th, 2022. 
	
The Court will **DENY** the injunction requested as the Court believes it is unnecessary to issue a termination to the defendant for misconduct as it can be dealt with in other ways.
	
As stated previously, the Court will allow **NONE** of the claims for relief for tort 4 due to a lack of evidence to establish a worthwhile controversy in law.
	
Additionally, the defense may file an appeal to the Appellate Division. The submission terminal can be found [here](https://forms.gle/zeSQ6nWaUqJUkahz9)
	
---

It is so ordered,

*mallyvibes*

Municipal Court Judge
