	Citation:       R. v. Cats_law
                	2022 BCPC 13
	Date:		20220310
	File Number:	27001-3
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER
</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN				</b>
<p align="right">		CROWN
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		CATS_LAW			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE KOALAMEDVEDEVA

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Crown: **Ryanepicgajer**
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: **TheCycloneGamers**
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Dates of Hearing: **February 2 to March 8, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **March 10, 2022**

---

**INTRODUCTION**

Defendant, Cats_law, was charged with manslaughter, criminal negligence causing death, and common nuisance. Defendant pleaded not guilty to all counts. The defence did not call evidence at trial.

**RELEVANT CRIMINAL CODE SECTIONS**

Section 234 of the *Criminal Code* provides:
	
```
Culpable homicide that is not murder or infanticide is manslaughter.
```

Section 229 of the *Criminal Code* provides:
```
Culpable homicide is murder

	(a) where the person who causes the death of a human being

		(i) means to cause his death, or

		(ii) means to cause him bodily harm that he knows is likely to cause his death, and is reckless whether death ensues or not;

	(b) where a person, meaning to cause death to a human being or meaning to cause him bodily harm that he knows is likely to cause his death, and being reckless whether death ensues or not, by accident or mistake causes death to another human being, notwithstanding that he does not mean to cause death or bodily harm to that human being; or

	(c) if a person, for an unlawful object, does anything that they know is likely to cause death, and by doing so causes the death of a human being, even if they desire to effect their object without causing death or bodily harm to any human being.
```
	
Section 220 of the *Criminal Code* provides:

```
Every person who by criminal negligence causes death to another person is guilty of an indictable offence and liable

	(a) where a firearm is used in the commission of the offence, to imprisonment for life and to a minimum punishment of imprisonment for a term of four years; and

	(b) in any other case, to imprisonment for life.
```

Section 219 of the *Criminal Code* provides:

```
(1) Every one is criminally negligent who

	(a) in doing anything, or

	(b) in omitting to do anything that it is his duty to do,

shows wanton or reckless disregard for the lives or safety of other persons.
```

Section 25 of the *Criminal Code* provides:
```
(4) A peace officer, and every person lawfully assisting the peace officer, is justified in using force that is intended or is likely to cause death or grievous bodily harm to a person to be arrested, if

	(a) the peace officer is proceeding lawfully to arrest, with or without warrant, the person to be arrested;

	(b) the offence for which the person is to be arrested is one for which that person may be arrested without warrant;

	(c) the person to be arrested takes flight to avoid arrest;

	(d) the peace officer or other person using the force believes on reasonable grounds that the force is necessary for the purpose of protecting the peace officer, the person lawfully assisting the peace officer or any other person from imminent or future death or grievous bodily harm; and

	(e) the flight cannot be prevented by reasonable means in a less violent manner.
```

Section 180 of the *Criminal Code* provides:

```
(1) Every person is guilty of an indictable offence and liable to imprisonment for a term of not more than two years or is guilty of an offence punishable on summary conviction who commits a common nuisance and by doing so

	(a) endangers the lives, safety or health of the public, or

	(b) causes physical injury to any person.

(2) For the purposes of this section, every one commits a common nuisance who does an unlawful act or fails to discharge a legal duty and thereby

	(a) endangers the lives, safety, health, property or comfort of the public; or

	(b) obstructs the public in the exercise or enjoyment of any right that is common to all the subjects of Her Majesty in Canada.
```
  
**ANALYSIS**

At trial, defendant admitted as part of his testimony:

- that he made about 10 attempts at breaking the driver side window of Larrymoammc's motor vehicle;
- that he was not able to acertain the Larrymoammc's physical state and health due to the obstruction of that window; and
- that he killed Larrymoammc in the course of his attempts at breaking that window.

I will begin with s. 236 of the *Criminal Code*, which provides that manslaighter is "culpable homicide that is not murder or infanticide." I can preclude infantcide as progeny is not concerned in this matter. I will refer to s. 229 for the definition of murder. I find that the defendant did not mean to cause death or bodily harm to any person, that he did not cause death to any person as a result of an action intended to cause lesser harm to that person, and that he not cause death to any person as a result of an action he knows is likely to cause death. For these reasons, the defendant did not commit murder, but indeed did commit culpable homicide which is manslaughter.
	
The defence brought up is that defendant had no way of knowing his conduct could have caused death or bodily harm. I reject the notion that someone causing bodily harm to one who is more likely to suffer from it, death, is any less blameworthy than that same person caused bodily harm causing death to a perfectly healthy person. The causing of bodily harm on one who is “thin-skulled”--meaning one who is more likely to die from that bodily harm--is not more excusable by virtue of the fact their death is more likely. But I do agree that the act of striking a window with a baton with the intent to break it cannot be reasonably regarded as conduct that can cause death or bodily harm, even to the person seated inside the vehicle behind that window. This is because the nature of the mechanics does not create shards of glass capable of injuring neither the operator nor occupants of a motor vehicle; it would have been different if one were to strike another plainly and physically with a baton. The *Criminal Code* provisions for manslaughter, and indeed the nature of manslaughter, does not require any intent or knowledge of the death caused; its *mens rea* arise from a subjective foreseeability of death (*R. v. Martineau*, [1990] 2 SCR 633). I agree with this defence and accordingly, find the defendant legally excused from manslaughter.
	
Next, I will address the count of criminal negligence causing death arising out of s. 219 of the *Criminal Code*, which provides that an act or omission that "shows wanton or reckless disregard for the lives or safety of other persons" is criminal negligence. I agreed earlier that the act of striking a window with a baton to break is not conduct that one can reasonably foresee to cause death or bodily harm; however, an important distinction exists between this offence and the former, which is that criminal negligence applies to any conduct that shows wanton or reckless disregard for the safety of others, not just conduct that may reasonably result in death or bodily harm. Indeed, the act of striking a window with a baton was not negligence; but the act of haphazardly swinging one's baton in the hopes that it would break the desired object--in this case the driver side window--is negligence. And when the desired object is not struck but instead a person, and his death results, that is criminal negligence causing death.

A possible defence that I will now analyze is the one provided in s. 25(4) of the *Criminal Code*, which provides for justification for peace officers and persons assisting peace officers using force that is intended or is likely to cause death or grievous bodily harm to a person to be arrested." There are five requirements in order to claim protection from this section. First, the peace officer must have been proceeding lawfully to arrest, with or without warrant, the person to be arrested; which the defendant was was. Second, the offence for which the person is to be arrested is one for which that person may be arrested without warrant; which it was. Third, the person to be arrested must have taken flight to avoid arrest; which he did. Fourth, the peace officer or other person using the force must believe on reasonable grounds that the force is necessary for the purpose of protecting the peace officer, the person lawfully assisting the peace officer or any other person from imminent or future death or grievous bodily harm; which is questionable, but I am willing to give the defendant the benefit of the doubt that indeed he believed the force used was reasonable, in light of the fact that the defendant contended the person had been threatening emergency responders on the scene. Lastly, the flight must have been unable to be prevented by reasonable means in a less violent manner; which I disagree. Defendant acknowledges that he had the subject’s vehicle blockaded with barriers. The use of deadly force was therefore not used to contain the subject or protect anyone’s safety, but merely to break his vehicle’s window. Given the intent of the use of defendant’s baton, he is not entitled to this defence and thus, I find defendant guilty of criminal negligence causing death.

Finally, I will address the count of common nuisance arising out of s. 180 of the *Criminal Code*, which provides that anyone who “endangers the lives, safety, health, property or comfort of the public” or “obstructs the public in the exercise or enjoyment of any right” through an unlawful act or omission of legal duty is guilty of common nuisance. The key word here “public.” While defendant surely did endanger the life, property, safety, and comfort of one person, his conduct cannot be seen as to be endangerment to the public; it is but one isolated incident. Accordingly, I find the defendant not guilty of common nuisance.
	
**SENTENCING**

Having found the defendant guilty on one count of criminal negligence causing death, I am now tasked with determining an appropriate sentence. Whereas a firearm was not used in the commission of this offence, there is no minimum sentence to this offence; there is a maximum sentence of imprisonment for life.

Given the generally good standing of the defendant, I will impose a suspended sentence of 16 months. The defendant, Cats_law, will bear a criminal record and conviction of criminal negligence causing death, but will not have to serve a custodial sentence. Instead, I will order that the defendant to be bound by the terms of a probation order to run concurrent to his suspended sentence, as follows:

- the defendant, Cats_law, will be prohibited from using a baton, and any other object capable of being used to strike another, in a public place within city limits; and
- the defendant, Cats_law, will be prohibited from possessing, acquiring, and using a firearm.

The defendant’s suspended sentence and terms of probation shall expire at noon on July 10, 2023.
	
I will further order the defendant, Cats_law, to pay a $1000 fine at or before noon on July 10, 2023.

---

koalaMedvedeva
<br>	
Municipal Court Judge
