	Citation:       MariReturnn v. Shibe_R6
                	2022 MCR 128
	Date:		20220528
	File Number:	12024-4
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER
</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		MARIRETURNN			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		SHIBE_R6			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE KOALAMEDVEDEVA

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Petitioner: ***Pro se***
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: **HolyRomanRyan**
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **April 30 - May 24, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **May 28, 2022**

---

**FACTUAL BACKGROUND**

  This suit arises out of defendant, Shibe_R6's, decision to "reform" and "overhaul"[^1] the Canadian Forces Military Police (the "Forces") mainly by reason of inactivity. In doing so, defendant terminated petitioner, MariReturnn's, employment within the Forces as well as that of a majority of employees in the Forces. Petitioner alleges that there existed no inactivity in the Forces and that therefore defendant's conduct violated the *Employee Rights Act of 2022* (the "Act").
  
**LEGAL STANDARD**
  
  First I note that the term "reform" is not interchangable with the term "restructure"; the latter is the language used in the Act. Specifically, the Act states that termination of an employee for agency "restructuring" is a legitimate and permissable reason for termination, provided that it was not unfair or targeted towards certain employees.
  
**ANALYSIS**
  
  There were lengthy discussions during trial as to whether or not there was inactivity or negligence on the defendant's part. I find those discussions to be mostly irrelevant. The only issue is whether defendant's "reforms" could be considered a "restructure". Generally, employers are given flexibility in reforming their employees--and in doing so terminating employees--provided the reforms were not discriminatory. To this end, I believe defendant conducted a good faith reform and I have seen no evidence of discrimination.
  
  Additionally, the Act also requires that an employer to "restructure" their agency in order to terminate its employees. According to the Merriam-Webster Dictionary, "restructure" means to "change the makeup, organization, or pattern". To this end, I find that the "overhaul" of the Forces' curriculum, academy structure, examinatons, and standard operating procedure can be considered a "restructure" within the meaning of the Act.
  
**JUDGEMENT**
  
  Accordingly, I find the defendant, Shibe_R6, not liable of the torts alleged and deny all relief claimed by petitioner.
  
---

koalaMedvedeva <br>
Municipal Court Judge

 [^1]: See https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WqFTjHqaj_0DB1uiE41kctwsUMiMJJRp/view
