	Citation:       tr33sinthew00ds v. AmNobCop
                	2022 MCR 165
	Date:		20220515
	File Number:	12026-4
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				VANCOUVER MUNICIPAL COURT
</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>		TR33SINTHEW00DS			</b>
<p align="right">		PETITIONER
<p>				AND:
<p align="center"><b>		AMNOBCOP			</b>
<p align="right">		DEFENDANT

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE KOALAMEDVEDEVA

</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Petitioner: **Pro se**
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: **Mpglasses**
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **April 27 - May 8, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **May 15, 2022**

---

**REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT**
	
  Petitioner in this matter claims his dismissal from the public relations division of the Emergency Response Team of the Vancouver Police Department. I have been prudent in the capitalization of these different entities and have only capitalized those sanctioned and recognized by the *Employee Rights Act of 2022* (the "Act"). This distinction is important because petitioner has filed suit solely because of his dismissal from a public relations division not sanctioned by the Act. Specifically, the Act regulates the "discharge of an employee from a Public or Private Agency". A discharge from a public relations division--or any other internal division--of any agency could not be considered to be a discharge from that agency. The petitioner makes this distinction clear himself and acknowledges that he was discharged from a "division" whereas the Act regulates discharges from an "agency". This court has previously decided that "division transfers or other internal reassignments do not constitute 'disciplinary action' within the meaning of the Act" (see *DomSequence, et al. v. XxEldridPlayzxX, et al.*, 2022 MCR 67). Accordingly, I issue judgement to the defendant and deny all claims by the petitioner.
		
---

koalaMedvedeva <br>	
Municipal Court Judge
