	Citation:       coolandonplays v. mallyvibes
                	2022 BCPC 49
	Date:		20220129
	File Number:	14012-5
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
				IN THE PROVINCIAL COURT OF BRITISH COLUMBIA
</b></i>

---

Between:
<p align="center">  <b> COOLANDPLAYS	  </b>
<p align="right">		    Petitioner
<p> And
<p align="center">  <b>	MALLYVIBES 		</b> 
<p align="right">		    Defendant
<p> And
<p align="center">		
                   <b>  VANCOUVER POLICE DEPARTMENT, a government agency 
                   <br> EMERGENCY RESPONSE TEAM, a subsidiary of a government agency		  </b>
<p align="right">		    Co-defendants

---
	
<p align="center"><b>		
				ENFORCEMENT ORDER AFTER JUDGEMENT
</b>

<br>				Counsel for the Petitioner: **Mpglasses**
<br>				Counsel for the Defendant: **Ryanepicgajer**
<br>				Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>				Date of Hearing: **January 29, 2022**
<br>				Date of Judgement: **January 29, 2022**

---

**BACKGROUND**
  
On January 28, 2022, I entered an order to accept a plea of liable as to tort (1) from defendant, mallyvibes, and co-defendants, the Vancouver Police Department and Emergency Response Team, as well as petitioner's withdrawal of claims as to tort (2). In pleading liable, defendant and co-defendants admit the allegations set out in tort (1), namely that petitioner was "removed from their position without the legal grounds to do so." Defendant and co-defendants further agree to grant relief in reinstatement of petitioner to the position and rank of Commanding Officer of the Emergency Response Team, a subsidiary of the Vancouver Police Department; I subsequently entered an order to that effect.
  
On January 29, 2022, counsel for the petitioner alerted me that co-defendant ii_MythicLaw of the Vancouver Police Department issued a letter of dismissal to petitioner, allegedly with reason from the same incident concerned in this case. Co-defendants justifies this action by claiming compliance with the court order I entered on January 28, 2022.
  
**JUDGEMENT AND REASONS**

I find co-defendants' conduct as a reprehensible attempt to circumvent judgement. Although I had not barred further disciplinary against petitioner, by virtue of co-defendants pleading liable to have removed petitioner "from their position without the legal grounds to do so" in tort (1), they are in fact barred from further disciplinary action for that incident because--as they have admitted--there are no grounds to do so.
  
Co-defendents state in their Letter of Dismissal the date of incident was January 4, 2022. Disciplinary action was issued on January 29, 2022. Pursuant to the *Employee Rights Act of 2022*, "an employee shall not...have Disciplinary Action taken against them unless" they have violated "agency policy within the past 3 calendar weeks." As such, co-defendants' timeframe to issue any action notwithstanding any court order would have expired by end of day January 25, 2022. I thus find co-defendant ii_MythicLaw in violation of the *Employee Rights Act of 2022*.

I will sanction co-defendants for their conduct as described in the next section.

**ORDER**
 
Defendant, mallyvibes, and co-defendants, the Vancouver Police Department and Emergency Response Team, is ordered to reinstate petitioner, coolandonplays, to the position and rank of Commanding Officer of the Emergency Response Team, a subsidiary of the Vancouver Police Department.
 
Defendant, mallyvibes, and co-defendants, the Vancouver Police Department and Emergency Response Team, is ordered to void any and all permenant or temporary records relating to the conduct of and disciplinary action issued to petitioner, coolandonplays.
  
Defendant, mallyvibes, and co-defendants, the Vancouver Police Department and Emergency Response Team, is barred from issuing any form of disciplinary action to petitioner, coolandonplays, for any alleged conduct on or prior to January 29, 2022 without consent from the Ministry of Justice.
  
Defendant, mallyvibes, and co-defendants, the Vancouver Police Department and Emergency Response Team, is barred from issuing any form of disciplinary action to petitioner, coolandonplays, for any alleged conduct on or prior to January 4, 2022

Any person who is responsible for any changes to the ranks or positions in the Emergency Response Team or Vancouver Police Department that may render the execution of this order impossible is ordered to reverse such changes rank structure to that on January 28, 2022; and then execute this order.
  
Any person who is able to carry out any orders set out in this judgement may carry out such orders on behalf of the defendant and co-defendants without penalty. The orders contained within this judgement take effect immediately and must additionally be fulfilled within 1 hour of the pubication of this enforcement order after judgement.
  
I enter a bench warrant against co-defendant ii_MythicLaw and direct any peace officer in British Columbia to charge him with Title 1.18 of the Criminal Code for Violation of the Employee Rights Act. 
	
---
koalaMedvedeva <br> Provincial Court Judge
