	Citation:    	R. v. LSFRchief
	             	2023 MCR 71
	Date:        	20230821
	File Number: 	00004
	Registry:    	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>
                IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER
</b></i>

---

BETWEEN:
<p align="center"><b>        REX                </b>
<p align="right">        CROWN
<p>                AND:
<p align="center"><b>        LSFRchief            </b>
<p align="right">        DEFENDANT

---
    
<p align="center"><b>        
                REASONS FOR JUDGEMENT
<br>                OF THE
<br>                HONOURABLE JUDGE zli_c

</b>

<br>                Counsel for the Crown: **iiCryptic_LawMD (Withdrew), Dan_Enforcement (Current)**
<br>                Counsel for the Defendant: **Loveanaboy (Withdrew) & Myao2211 (Struck), TacticalBlue66 (Current)**
<br>                Place of Hearing: **Vancouver, B.C.**
<br>                Date of Hearing: **June 2nd, 2023**
<br>                Date of Judgement: **August 23rd, 2023**

---

**INTRODUCTION**

On May 12th, 2023, the Crown accuses the defendant of the following:

- § 6.03 - Careless Use of a Firearm - Count 1 - x1
- § 6.04 - Illegal Discharge of a Firearm - Count 2 - x1
- § 6.04 - Illegal Discharge of a Firearm - Count 3 - x2
- § 1.06 - Assault with a Weapon - Count 4 - x1
- § 1.06 - Assault with a Weapon - Count 5 - x2
- § 1.06 - Assault with a Weapon - Count 6 - x3
- § 1.06 - Assault with a Weapon - Count 7 - x4
- § 1.06 - Assault with a Weapon - Count 8 - x5

The ruling for each offense will be outlined.

**FINDING OF THE FACTS**

During direct examination of one witness, the crown counsel failed to prove the identity of the aggressor, and did not confirm the defendant in this matter, LSFRchief, as the suspect. In witness testimony provided by a lay witness, BlueAaron8, thought that they defendant in the matter was JumboBlueLaws11158z, but counsel for the crown, iiCryptic_LawMD, corrected the defendant that it was LSFRChief, but this was never confirmed by the witness. Witness testimony from another witness says it was LSFRchief who fired his service issued firearm, and struck multiple people with his service issued baton whilst at the gate of the Correctional Service Canada.

The witness, BlueAaron8 alleged that he heard one gunshot, and saw the defendant in this case deliberalty strike about 3 people with the service issued baton. This fact is confirmed through another witness testimony per lay witness, AlexOtkerson777, he stated, and I quote, "officers stand at gate. LSFR shoots his gun then batons everyone".

Timestamped at 5:14 In Exhibit A admitted into evidence by the crown, it shows an Individual pulling out his service issued sidearm, pointing it at the ground, and firing it three (3) times. The video is too pixelated and low quality (480p) to make out who this Individual is.

Timestamped at 5:37 in Exhibit A admitted by the crown, it shows an Individual pulling out his service issued baton and striking three (3) individuals, physically striking one individual twice.

Timestamped at 4:51 in Exhibit A admitted into evidence by the crown, it shows two (2) Individuals withdrawing their firearm. It is not clear if there was an active threat or not as the video does not cover the entirety of the surrounding areas and a gunshot was distinctly heard in the distance, but it is unclear from where the gunshot came from.

In accordance to the Vancouver Criminal Code, Title 6, §6.03, Careless use of a firearm is defined as, and I quote, "Careless use of a firearm shall be the act of utilizing or transporting a firearm in a careless manner to the proper and reasonable handling of firearms, or without reasonable precautions for the safety of other persons without lawful excuse."

In accordance to the Vancouver Criminal Code, Title 6, §6.04, Illegal discharge of a firearm is defined as, and I quote, "Illegal discharge of a firearm shall be the act of intentionally discharging a firearm without legal means to do so, pursuant to current/future legislation."

In accordance to the Vancouver Criminal Code, Title 1, §1.06, Assault with a weapon is defined as, and I quote, "Assault with a weapon shall be the act of utilizing a deadly weapon to cause bodily harm to the another person."

A weapon can be anything that is used, designed to be used, or intended to be used by a person to:
- Cause death or injury to another person, or
- threaten or intimidate another person

**REASONING FOR JUDGMENT**

Witness testimony from AlexOtkerson777, he stated his life was endangered when the defendant in this matter, LSFRchief, utilized his service issued baton, and struck multiple Individuals at the gate of Correctional Service Canada. This not only confirms the identity of the Individual seen in the video, but it also confirms the elements needed for Assault with a deadly weapon. He struck multiple people, and in the process, endangering their lives and causing bodily harm with the intent and knowledge of doing so.

This witness also corroborated that it was LSFRchief who also pulled out their service issued firearm, pointed it at the ground and discharged it multiple times. The defendant knowingly utilized his firearm in a careless and negligent manner, endangering the lives of others. This covers the elements of careless use of a firearm.

The defendant knowingly pulled out his service issued weapon, pointed it at the ground, and intentionally discharged it multiple times. There was no legal justification of doing so, therefore confirming the elements of Illegal discharge of a firearm. There was no active threat, and his life was not in immediate danger, therefore giving no legal means to discharge your firearm.

In the video provided through Exhibit A admitted in discovery by the crown, the video is pixelated and low quality (480p). In multiple parts in the video it is near impossible to make out the identification of the Individuals committing the criminal charges brought on, but was later corroborated, as aforemtioned, by witness testimony from a lay witness, AlexOtkerson777.

**CONCLUSION**

- For Count 1, (x1), § 6.03 - Careless Use of a Firearm, the defendant is found: Guilty
- For Count 2, (x1), § 6.04 - Illegal Discharge of a Firearm, the defendant is found: Guilty
- For Count 3, (x2), § 6.04 - Illegal Discharge of a Firearm, the defendant is found: Guilty
- For Count 4, (x1), § 1.06 - Assault with a Weapon, the defendant is found: Guilty
- For Count 5, (x2), § 1.06 - Assault with a Weapon, the defendant is found: Guilty
- For Count 6, (x3), § 1.06 - Assault with a Weapon, the defendant is found: Guilty
- For Count 7, (x4), § 1.06 - Assault with a Weapon, the defendant is found: Not Guilty
- For Count 8, (x5), § 1.06 - Assault with a Weapon, the defendant is found: Not Guilty

Count 1, 2 & 3 will run concurrent to Count 4, 5 & 6

They shall be sentenced to 1,650 seconds (27.5 Minutes) in custody of the Correctional Services of Canada.

--- 

zli_c

Municipal Court Judge
