	Citation:       In the matter of an application for Habeas Corpus by TheOneAndOnlyMan27
                	2023 MCR 6 
	Date:		2023211
	File Number:	36017
	Registry:	Vancouver

<p align="center"><b><i>IN THE MUNICIPAL COURT OF VANCOUVER</b></i>

---

<p align="center"><b>
				IN THE MATTER OF
<br><br>			AN APPLICATION FOR HABEAS CORPUS
<br>                            BY THEONEANDONLYMAN27
<br>				

---

<p align="center">		
				NOTICE OF JUDGEMENT
<br>				OF THE
<br>				HONOURABLE JUDGE MALACHI KEATING

</b>
	
---

**OPINION AND ORDER**

In the matter of an application for Habeas Corpus by TheOneAndOnlyMan27, I am granting the application after consideration, responses, replies, applicable law, and for the reasons set forth below.

**FACTUAL BACKGROUND**

On January 7th, 2023, applicant, TheOneAndOnlyMan27, was arrested by Deputy Cats_law for “Failure to Comply”. The applicant claims the arrest was false and has petitioned to the court to determine the validity of their arrest. 

**JUDGEMENT**

In assessing whether or not the arrest made by the deputy was valid or not, there must be a reasonable basis for believing that a crime may have been committed in order for an arrest to be made. In this case, the deputy ordered the applicant to leave the scene and the applicant did not comply with his order, which is why the applicant was arrested. However, after watching the video evidence presented during this hearing, the applicant was in no violation of the law. The court will agree with tr33sinthew00ds that you are obligated to follow lawful orders by a court or law enforcement, but if an order is unlawful, you are not. The applicant was not obstructing the scene, or hindering any personnel from conducting their duty; therefore, the deputy had no reason to arrest the applicant. Furthermore, “Failure to Comply” is not a valid charge, according to the Vancouver Criminal Code. Yes, the charge is in-game, but the Vancouver Criminal Code defines the charges used within this community, so any charge listed in-game, but not on the Vancouver Criminal Code is not a valid charge. 

**ORDER**

The applicant shall be issued an expungement for their arrest on January 7th, 2023 by Deputy Cats_law for the charge "Failure to Comply."

---
	
_It is so, like, totally ordered._

Malachi Keating <br>
Municipal Court Judge
